what's up everybody and welcome to the W
Show Hope yall had a wonderful week so
far it's about to get even better that's
right my friends we've got lots of good
news this week Google is officially a
monopoly wow really no way what oh this
is amazing I can't believe this is
happening uh YouTube is testing Twitter
esque notes which will allow community
members to uh issue Corrections on
videos fascinating what else we got this
week Mr luk La
frer so much for our 60 milliseconds of
lat tell you if I actively had the dock
open that's fantastic so it wasn't a
connection latency issue it was a brain
latency
issue you still don't have the dock open
do you wow wow I don't think we're
actually at that right now but anyways
uh what's in the dock what's
interesting did you mention
coffeezilla no
all right Logan Paul sues coffeezilla
for defamation that's totally going to
work of course also rip Game Informer 33
years long they've been running and now
they're
[Music]
gone I'm lagging like crazy I'm going to
try to fix
it pop a caffeine pill
[Music]
oh there we go that helped
nice the show is brought to you today by
MSI Squarespace and back blaze of course
alongside our chair partner secret lab
let's jump right into our headline topic
Google is a monopoly on
Monday a judge ruled after having
carefully considered and weighed the
witness testimony and evidence the court
reaches the following conclusion Google
is a monopolist and it has acted as one
to maintain its Monopoly it has violated
section two of the Sherman Act the
277 page ruling details all the ways
that Google has controlled and
maintained their control of General
search services and search text ads the
court was convinced that Google's
default distribution deals with browsers
and platforms is its biggest advantage
that prevents competitors from having a
Fighting Chance at creating a
alternative regarding Google's
approximately $2 billion annual payments
to Apple judge meta MAA well sorry if I
pronounced your name wrong it's it's
wonderful and you're doing a great job
uh determined the prospect of losing
tens of billions in guaranteed revenue
from Google which presently come at
little to no cost to Apple
disincentivizes Apple from launching its
own search engine when it otherwise has
built the capacity to do so
in 2020 Google conducted a quality
degradation study which showed that it
would not lose search Revenue if they
were significantly to reduce the quality
of their search product imagine that I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm taking I'm taking a
break from the notes I'm taking a break
from the notes Luke I know isn't that
great imagine if you will conducting an
internal study at float plane media okay
where you guys kind of went hm if we
were to make our product 10% or 20% or
50%
crappier um would we lose any revenue
and then reaching the end of that study
and going oh well the rational
conclusion is we should make the
experience crappier because we're not
going to lose any Revenue I know that
the
whole motto don't be evil and it
changing or you know whatever thing is
not as black and white as their motto
was don't be evil and then they changed
it it's it's not that
simple but maybe it should be maybe
Google should go maybe Google
should just you
know humor the internet lists who
believed that that was their original
motto and they should bring back the
motto and they should just have don't be
evil as their guiding star because wait
was there was that not their original
motto I think it was but then when they
changed it it wasn't that they just like
got rid of it it was like still part of
it in a way or something it just isn't
quite as black and
white okay dude I have 100% noticed 100%
noticed Google search getting actively
worse oh yeah I pretty much everyone
that I know has especially over the last
few years so while it doesn't surprise
me that the search product has been
degraded over the last four years what
does surprise me is they literally did a
study and we're like can we do
this green light check mark rubber stamp
it's totally going to be okay because it
can't affect our Revenue what a what
kind of shortsighted thinking is this I
just can't Luke I
can't
yeah this it's it's it's difficult
because
like I don't think you can write
regulation to like not allow that to
happen but I wish we could but I I don't
think it's like even possible because
well they do it's called the Sherman
Act okay what's the ACT well no that's
that's um that's basically like um it's
it's IT addresses like monopolistic
Behavior essentially okay but I don't
even mean within a monopoly like compies
do this at all that's why worked really
well here yeah that's why it worked
because they could just buy their way to
their dominant position they don't
actually have to make a better product
because they can just make sure that
absolutely nobody with any capacity to
compete with them will ever
exist yeah all right our notes go on
generative AI has not or at least not
yet eliminated or materially materially
reduced the need for user data to
deliver quality search results so that's
that was one of the other uh
findings interestingly Google was not
sanctioned for destroying internal
communication
but that was because the judge was
already convinced by all the evidence
that's hilarious imagine that imagine
destroying evidence and getting away
with it because you didn't destroy
nearly
enough I still think they should get in
trouble for that regardless um even if
it didn't end up like if it didn't
matter it's still a bad move and you
should get in trouble for it but it's
like yeah you should have you should
have you know man H okay you know what
no it was going to get Grizzly um the
ruling is for the liability phase the
next step is appeals for Google and the
remedy phase where judge meta can
possibly force a breakup of Google the
closest parallel to this case is
Microsoft's antitrust trial in
1999 they did successfully appeal but
they reached a settlement preventing
them from acting anti-competitive in the
browser market now here's my question
how about a settle M that prevents
Google from acting anti-competitive in
any Market they participate in what do
you think and while we're at it why
don't we why don't we open the books
back up on Microsoft and their recent
behavior in windows with AI stuff oh
yeah with Windows yeah dude how many
times how many times am I going to be
prompted about uh a Game Pass
subscription by my stupid operating
system why do I why do I have to deal
with this you you know that that whole
thing where it's like snooze for 3 Days
remind me later and it makes you go
through the setup wizard again and it
prompts you to use Edge
again have you gone through that no I've
never had that happen have you seen how
have you seen how teams will ignore your
default browser setting on your computer
dude that was recent that was recent
Microsoft is 100% back
added like that one is so Brazen so
obvious so clearcut they are using their
position in the workplace Communications
Market with teams which by the way they
they bundle with office and a way that
actually you could argue their behavior
with teams is anti-competitive and
monopolistic so they leverage their
position in teams to effectively Force
anyone who isn't going to dig around in
the menus to use flipping Edge anytime
they click a link in teams why would
anybody want an application to ignore
their default browser and they clearly
knew better because it used your default
browser before this change happened what
like 6 months ago or something like that
I don't remember exactly when they
changed it and you can fix it but most
users aren't going to know
how dude it was broken on mine for a bit
I literally couldn't I I brought someone
into my office I showed them they were
like wow you literally don't have the
button that I have it was it was
unbelievable it could it could have just
been a bug my computer was being kind of
funky at that time so you never know you
can see weird stuff when a computer's
unstable but like they also they're
they're simultaneously running old teams
and new teams right now so like it might
have actually been a problem on like one
of the versions of teams yep so I don't
know yeah I think I was using new teams
at that time but I'm yeah I'm not 100%
sure oh dude the fact that the fact that
this took so long the fact that so much
of this goes just completely under the
radar the fact that we haven't seen a
major antitrust case like this since
1999 I've got to say like I I don't I
don't know everything about what the
Biden Administration has done um I don't
know exactly what their role was with
making adjustments to the FTC but I am
super liking what the FTC has been doing
lately I am super liking what the US
government in general has been doing to
to address this kind of antitrust and
monopolistic Behavior it's not nearly
enough they could probably 10x their
funding for this and it still wouldn't
be enough but man at least it's
something like come on how about how
about into it next let's go let's go oh
man the tax companies yeah that needs to
be crushed it's at like the North
America is like a laughing stock in
regards to how taxes work d just
Americans Canada is not the same like
American taxes are
are worse as far as my understanding
goes but we have a lot of the same
problems where like the government knows
exactly how much you owe them uh this
has been a solved issue for a really
long time but the lobbies of the tax
companies are just forcing them to make
it so that you have to use these garbage
tax companies in order to uh follow your
taxes properly which is really
frustrating uh yeah and how about how
about how about the the Transunion and
whatever the other one is duopoly how
about we how about we get rid of that
while we're at it like come on come on
come on come on let's start let's start
knocking down some monopolies cuz it is
it is tiresome it's tiresome and I I I
like the whole idea of like you could be
a monopoly and not get crushed by
Monopoly law as long as you're not doing
certain actions like if Google search
was effectively a monopoly because it
was just so much better than everything
else that's one thing if Google search
is effectively a monopoly because they
spend billions and billions of dollars
annually which no other company can do
to make sure that they're buying their
way into being the default search engine
on everything yeah that is that
something should happen because that's
bad practice Monopoly yeah yeah 100% And
it's just it's one of those things where
it's it's tough
because philosophically right the idea
of a of a free market is is appealing to
me I mean I was born in a capitalist
country I I I generally believe in uh
things competing on their merits right
but that's the whole thing this
regulation compete on its Merit this
regulation doesn't exist to destroy a
free market economy it exists to
maintain the Integrity of a free market
economy and I think that's what a lot of
folks are missing sometimes when they
see government regulation um come down
on the behavior of companies like this
is no they're not this this is not this
isn't government overreach this
is the government doing its job to give
everybody a crack instead of just Google
and their Executives and their
shareholders
yeah someone's pointing out in chat like
didn't Google pay for 81% of Milla
Foundation to keep Google as the default
search I've heard an even higher
percentage than that um and this this
might actually end up hurting Firefox a
lot um but I also think without certain
monopolistic practices Firefox wouldn't
be in the rough spot that it is right
now um and so it's like Google like
monopolistic practices are propping up
Firefox who never would have needed to
be propped up yeah if it wasn't for
monopolistic practices
like so we can look at it now we can go
but look at the collateral damage there
will be if they don't do these deals
anymore it's like yeah we you're right
we never should have this shouldn't
happen that sucks but we never should
have gotten here yeah and we can't just
we can't just allow it forever because
we allowed it for a while and it's
created problems I mean it's like the
way that they've allowed the it's like
the way they've allowed housing prices
the the bubble to balloon the way that
it has
uh here in Canada particularly in
markets like Vancouver and Toronto and
everyone's looking at it going well you
can't let the market crash because think
of all the people who are over leverag
it's like oh my God at some point it's
going to pop it can either be really
really really painful or it can be even
more painful those are the only options
now yep yeah it's brutal um and I I'm to
be very clear I'm very very worried
about what's going to happen with
Mozilla Foundation yeah me too I think
this is going to be really rough I hope
as much as I don't really like Bing that
much I kind of hope Microsoft swoops in
and um puts some Bing contract in place
and pays him a bunch of money to make
Bing the default or or something I don't
know but if they do
that are they engaging in the same
practice my well my biggest problem with
like there some of search is going to
have to be the default somewhere in my
opinion I don't have a huge problem with
that being a thing that happens my
problem is that uh Google was all of
them they were all of those contracts
they had that contract with Apple
forever they had the contract with
Firefox forever they had the contract
with everyone forever it was across the
board it wasn't like a few companies are
fighting in different Arenas it was
Google fights everywhere and that's it
um I don't I don't I don't think these
kinds of deals will be possible I mean
there is no there is no way that you can
make an argument that Microsoft other
than Microsoft's extremely low market
share so that's where they could make an
anti-monopoly
argument is hey we're a we're a scrappy
Underdog in this
space genuinely though yeah but they're
also you know literally one of the top
valued companies on the face of the
Earth and so but in that space they are
they are a massive Underdog sure but
imagine this right imagine if let's say
um let's say uh LV LV MH or whatever the
Lou Louis Vuitton uh heres what whatever
that luxury brand Bernard Arno or
whatever his name is okay I'm I'm trying
to pick an extremely valuable company
that is not in Tech that's that's the
point so these are this is an enormous
company okay so if they were all of a
sudden to go into a space that is much
smaller than than they are um so let's
say um a technology youtubing okay if
their market share in views for that was
effectively zero you know it was 1% they
because they started a channel if they
were to go around and pay Google a bunch
of money to be the first result anytime
anyone searches for any video around
Tech that is
absolutely uh
an anti-competitive
Behavior even if they don't have a
dominant
position you can buy advertising but it
has to be on a Level Playing Field and
the fact that these are back room deals
as opposed to like okay if Milla for
example just had a completely open um
affiliate program for example that
everyone pays into equally and everyone
has an equal shot at then I think that's
a completely different story so if every
time you installed Firefox and it asked
you to select your browser and it was a
completely randomized order or not your
browser sorry uh search your default
search and all of the potential default
searches would have a chance of showing
up at random and then whoever people
click random order not not shown up at
random random order who whoever someone
clicks
um they in they have to sort of pay them
a commission for being the default Brer
on that install or something as long as
everybody can participate equally then
that's fine but if it's pure pay to win
and it's happening in a way that is not
open and is not accessible and nobody
else even gets a shot at it then no I
don't think you can really get away with
that what do you do about so I I don't
hate the idea but what do you do about
groups like um Duck Duck Go which aren't
going to have any money um to pay into
this affiliate program thing
I'm look I'm not saying it's a Sol
include them anyways then no one's
paying yeah and then if no one's paying
then there's there's no like the the
community funding for Milla is like
practically nothing people don't
contribute to free software it's it's
basically a joke um like it happens but
it's enough to like buy developers
coffee it's not it's not enough to
actually properly support people
um yeah I don't I don't know I don't I
don't know the the answers to this I'm
just saying that you know Microsoft
buying Bing default is not the answer
because the way that it is supposed to
work is products are supposed to compete
on their
Merit and buying your position is not
competing on your Merit buying
advertising space that is clearly
delineated as such
totally fair
game but I get all that and I don't
disagree I think what I keep getting
stuck on is like how do we allow groups
like Milla to monetize things
um because if if it if it's if it's the
setup you're saying yeah no one pays I
know well no no I I'm not pitching that
setup I want to make that very clear I
was just trying to pitch something that
could be more fair um and like look I I
don't I I I don't have good answers I
have unpopular
answers people might have to buy
Firefox and realistically if that were
if that were the case we might be in a
position where you know what um
Microsoft might not be allowed to give
edgeway for free Google might not be
allowed to give edgeway for free I mean
that is the point of breaking up
companies if Google gets broken up and
Google Chrome becomes a company the
whole idea behind that is that Google
Chrome Inc is going to have to compete
against other browsers on its own Merit
it doesn't get to just have a special
data sharing deal with big daddy
alphabet and it doesn't get to receive
but it would have to offer the same deal
to everyone what is yeah that's the
whole idea you don't have to offer equal
deals to other companies as a company if
they didn't though given the scrutiny
that Google and alphabet are under here
I think they would find themselves in
court
again immediately Ting like them
basically claiming that they're acting
as a uh as a combined group of companies
a combined group you have have no idea
what the laws around that are but I'm
sure that's a thing you would have to
demonstrate that in good faith you
attempted to negotiate with other
parties right that's the whole idea of a
breakup is that instead of Firefox going
up against browsers that are funded by
all of the data that they are stealing
from their users and feeding back into
their parent companies and that are then
paying into them in order to continue to
collect they would be going up against
browsers that well are still going to be
stealing a bunch of data but are selling
it to
everybody and that's the bottom line
Firefox is that you probably just have
to you you either you either buy the
product or you are the product and so
You' probably have to buy fir would buy
Firefox because at the end of the day
you know we look at something like
Firefox as an alternative to being the
product but we're not really it's all
the same it's all the same groups it's
just a different label on it it's the
same groups funding it right yeah um and
so it's all it's all feeding into that
it's all feeding into that machine until
we break the
cycle so I I don't know I'm looking at
this as a win but I'm also looking at it
as there's going to be pain but I think
a tiny a tiny first step in what is
going to be an extremely painful breakup
because people think that they
support you know the small uh you know
independent the the the real uh free
market um they they think that they
support um groups that are doing things
the right way respecting their privacy
and their
data but when all of a sudden they are
faced with the
cost of buying what they were getting
for just data I think they're G I think
there's going to be sticker shock Luke
yeah like people often talk about how
expensive float plane is oh I don't want
to pay $5 for one Creator guys the
margins aren't that crazy for us on
float plane and yeah we operate at a
much smaller scale compared to someone
like a like a Google for example does
and so our costs are higher get better
as you scale yes a lot there are
absolutely economies of scale but a
platform like the one you're watching on
right now whether you're on Twitch which
is being just money furnac by Amazon or
whether you're on YouTube which we think
may be profitable by now but absolutely
was money furnac by Google for many
years
they're so expensive to run video is
shockingly
expensive and I I think we're just I
think we're just going to realize
collectively holy crap that that reality
that dystopian reality where everything
about us you know from the the food we
eat to our our weird Kinks to uh the
family members that we related to
everything about us is collected used
against us um I think there's going to
be people that are going to look back at
that and go yeah the grass was greener
compared to pulling out my wallet and
paying uh $3 a month for a web
browser oh yeah man you know it's going
to be a subscription baby oh yeah it has
to be when you said buy Firefox I was
like all right like lifetime that's not
how it works y you have to the buy once
model is dead
Luke yeah because services that have to
be maintained it it makes sense that it
is dead but it's just and when and when
the internet and when Computing was
growing at an exponential rate you could
sell it once and then when your user
base is twice the size 18 months from
now you could just you you could sell
everything you'd ever sold you could
sell it again in the next 18 months and
and it would keep growing and it was all
going to rocket ship to the moon but it
all busted it all has to bust eventually
there's a finite number of people and a
finite number of dollars a finite amount
of value that you can extract and if the
market size isn't growing well then you
have to grow the amount of money that
you're extracting from the market it's
all going to be subscriptions everyone
already has a phone you can't be a cool
product from stripe there's not going to
be another India moment hold on that's
the last point I want to make there's
not going to be another India moment in
the world ever India comes online when
India went
online my goodness did it happened
practically overnight I forget what the
carrier was but they basically a value
carrier launched in India for the first
time and it happened right at the at
this intersection moment when smartphone
prices reached attainable for the first
time and and a country of over a billion
people
just came onto the internet and there
was explosive growth in all these areas
where's the next Market that's going to
do that birth rates are falling across
the vast majority of the developed world
uh pretty much every country is
connected at least to a very significant
degree I mean we're still we're still
going to see growth in from Africa for
example but it's not going to be like
that sorry okay go
ahead uh no I've been having a decent
amount of conversations with people at
at this event already um about payments
processing and and stripe and and
PayPal um and a pretty interesting
product that stripe could make I don't
think they would actually want to
because they'd lose out on one of their
probably biggest revenue streams uh but
it would be cool in my opinion as as
we're getting to more and more
subscriptions one of the most annoying
things to me is not necessarily the cost
per month but it's the just genuine
volume of subscriptions and payments
that are coming through um so one of the
conversations that we've had is the
benefit of bundling payments so if if
you have like if you have a certain
platform that has multiple subscriptions
on it
um paying for all of those subscriptions
on that one platform at the same time so
if you're a patreon or a float plane or
something like that if all the payments
go through at once how these payment
processors do their fees is it's
generally a percentage plus a fixed cost
for every transaction y so most like
North American or most American really
transactions are .9% plus 30 cents um
unless you have some negotiated rate but
most people I've seen fixed rates as low
as like 15 cents I think like it depend
yeah there's like there's uh there's
different models that you can use
there's like particular microtransaction
models that you can use through stripe
where the got it um where the numbers a
little bit different it shifts that a
standard transaction is 2.9% plus 30
cents got it but there better than me so
yeah go ahead um but if you so that 30
cents is where a lot of people can save
a ton of money because I mean if you're
doing 10 million transactions in a month
30 cents three million bucks let's go
every month yeah yeah so you're looking
at $36 million a year so if you can if
you can bundle um like if one user has
three subscriptions if you can bundle
into that into one payment you're saving
60 60 cents a month on that user y so
it' be kind of neat if stripe as a
platform if if you instead of having
like you would need accounts on both but
if you had like almost like payment by
stripe in the way that you have uh like
Apple pay and Google pay and then stripe
bundled all your payments into one big
payment dude they have zero interest in
doing that they have no incentive in
doing that but it would it would be so
good for me like if I could just go to
stripe and on stripe see all of my
subscriptions yep so it's all nicely
laid out in one spot I could cancel uh
subscriptions right through there and
then it just came out in one big payment
every month that would be sick that
would be super cool I think the only
entity that could probably do that would
be like a major American
Bank um because realistically part of
that that the handling fee that the the
the transaction fee that they're dealing
with is not just collecting the money
from you but also routing it to where it
needs to go so by combining them yes
they're only doing the one payment from
you but they still need to split
everything out to all of the different
end destinations so it would have to be
a Cooperative effort between like like
like the a group probably even of the
big Banks where they all go okay we're
not going to charge each other anything
to to to do these uh interbank transfers
uh and we're going to absorb the ones
that go outside the network in order to
do this like uh this sort of
subscription bundling um and save oh
shoot wait save uh we're the ones who
collect this Revenue crap no we're just
not going to do this like the only kind
of Market where I could see something
like that happening because you're
absolutely right that is how it should
probably work the only Market where I
could see something like that happening
would be somewhere like China for
example uh where it's it's dictated yeah
by the central government and these
these entities are only sort of B people
on the head and be like hey stop wasting
money yeah essentially yeah um yeah and
some some people pointed out in chat
that this is a thing I know this is a
thing on the platform level Flo plane
does it what I'm saying is is I wish
this was a thing uh on the on the
payment processor level yeah so if you
like followed uh let's say let's say you
didn't know that dank pods was on float
plane if you followed dank pods on
patreon and you followed LTT on float
plane and both patreon and float plane
used stripe as a payment process
then
essentially uh we could we could say we
could opt into this program and then
stripe on the back end would take one
payment from you for that month and it
would divy it out to the two different
platforms for your two separate
subscriptions that's what Luke is
pitching yeah I think that would be
really cool personally and like some
people have asked how that would work
because if people subscribe at different
times there's this whole math you can do
to figure out proa to adjust for that
and y y y it's it's definitely possible
um like I said we we do it already I
would just like it to be done on the
payment processor end but uh
I I think there definitely isn't a per
transaction Financial incentive for
stripe to do this but I do think it
could be a good Market
um like getting more customers thing
because that would make me prefer to use
whatever platform did this over anything
else personally
oh Wade actually I shut down his patreon
like seven months ago so all right he's
all float plane all the time heck yeah
let's let's go Wade uh oh wait you
didn't know that no no I totally didn't
know that I didn't know he shut it down
I knew that he I knew he was going to um
okay but I didn't know he pulled the
trigger yep that makes sense what a
Chad yep we were we were discussing
creators who haven't had controversy um
prior to the show on on the pre-
uh as as far as I know I don't think
Wade's ever had any controversy every
time I've hung out with him he just
seems like just seems like an upright
dude he's super chill dude you know for
someone who's upside down you know he
sure does manage to have his head
screwed on
straight wow wow Australian Australian
he's not upside down just calm down
all all right so anyway um one of the
things I asked the uh the prep team to
put together was some examples of other
monopolies that have has gotten their
comeuppance yet um and they put together
uh Google themselves in September so
this
was uh over digital ads okay um meta oh0
wait they're getting sued by the FTC
Amazon oh wait they're getting sued by
the FTC Apple oh wait they're getting
sued by the doj um and Microsoft and
Amazon backdooring AI startups there's a
bunch of stuff actually Nvidia is
getting investigated finally for some of
the just like everyone has known forever
that doing a deal with Nvidia
is like dealing with
a very difficult entity that understands
fully the dominance they
have have they ever crossed the line hey
we're finally looking into
that very interesting I am so happy to
see it I want to see so much more
whatever incoming Administration we in
the US come the November
elections you personally I'm talking to
our American viewers out there you
personally need to be putting pressure
on your representatives to keep this
train going this matters a lot it is
costing you money all the time both
directly and through tax dollars this is
costing you money and these
investigations as long as they can get
cash settlements should be a gravy train
that will pay for itself for a very long
time there's baby there's lots to
investigate let's
go all right what else we got today Luke
what do you want to talk about should
just go right into the next one the the
YouTube thing yeah all right let's do it
YouTube is testing Twitter esque notes
YouTube has announced that they're
testing experimental feature that will
allow users to add notes to videos akin
to the community notes feature on
Twitter the goal of the feature is to
provide context and other relevant
information that may not be included in
the video in their example they've used
a video about extinct animals with a
note that says that one of the species
was recently discovered to still be
alive the notes will appear under the
video title where we can see other
labels for helpful things like Co 199
information and will be rated by the
community as helpful or somewhat helpful
or unhelpful currently the ability to
write notes is By Invitation Only and
during the pilot notes will be reviewed
by third-party evaluators rather than
the note creators oh what just happened
rather than the note creators or the
community at
large there's a discussion question here
that says how well do community notes
work on Twitter do you find that they
are accurate and unbiased uh I have not
found that they are completely accurate
and unbiased however they are lot better
than not having them um I think overall
they're helpful but they are they have
problems
one thing that I would like YouTube to
consider in all of this and I haven't
spoken with them directly so this will
be the first anyone from YouTube is
hearing about it from me uh but one
thing that I would like to see addressed
is right now the Creator himself doesn't
have a ton of ways to address anything
about the video that they want to
clarify after the fact we used to have
the ability to put text annotations at a
given timestamp in a given spot on the
video so that we could issue a small
correction uh say for a data point on a
graph or uh say for something that
changed after the fact like if we said
oh yeah the power consumption of this
isn't very good but there's a bios
update that went up 3 days after we
published our video we could put an
annotation in there and say hey this is
something that they've addressed um it
was a great way for us to deal with the
constantly changing landscape that is
the technology space that we cover um
and at times it was even a great way to
deal with sponsor for example because if
there was a temporary deal we could have
an annotation that said how much the
discount was and then that could go away
when they didn't have it anymore and
stuff like that it was a way to keep the
content of the video up to date not well
but it was some it was something um they
took that away uh under the guise of um
you know trying to make the mobile
experience better and more streamlined
or something like that like it it it was
horse plop then it's horse plop now it
was never anything to do with that and
it was thing to do with that they didn't
want to do it anymore and they had good
reasons for not wanting to do it some
creators did abuse the feature um plain
and simple whether it was through spam
or trying to get people to accidentally
that you could interact with them so
trying to get people to accidentally
touch them and Skip to certain parts of
the video like there were there were it
was definitely an abuse
Vector but I do think they could have
solved it and I think just getting rid
of it outright was not the solution
right now we do have the ability to to
pin a comment we do have the ability to
Heart comments or heart our replies but
hearts are super inconsistent like I'll
see someone asking a question that like
one in every three people in the video
is is asking a question about that and
what I would like to be able to do is
heart that comment reply heart my own
reply and have that be the first thing
people see so they don't need to keep
scrolling and ask the same bloody
question but it absolutely doesn't work
that way not for me not for anyone as
far as I can tell everyone's algorithm
for what comments get served to them is
a little bit different and you can have
a comment that has you know 6,000 up
votes or something like that and is
harded by the Creator and has a reply
from the Creator and it'll Decay which a
Decay algorithm is perfectly reasonable
but it'll Decay to the point where you
can't even find it at all after a little
while and you'll just you'll just be
kind of perpetuating the same comments
over and over and over again because
people can't see that this has already
been discussed it's already been
addressed um so anyway where I was going
with this is if we're going to have a
community notes feature giving the
Creator the ability to address the
community note I feel is extremely
important I don't see any obvious way to
do that right now but um I I I would
like there to I would like to have the
possibility for there for it to be a
conversation I I think it's important to
for people to understand that community
notes are not uh the solution to
misinformation and are a form of
misinformation themselves but they can
help reduce misinformation overall yeah
I I know people that have put out tweets
had a community note attempt to correct
their tweet have the community notes
stay for close to 24 hours and then the
community note eventually is removed
because the community note was wrong but
in that 24-hour period the community
note because some amount of people have
grown to trust Community notes that
Community note was a fairly strong
source of misinformation because people
read it and then nobody's going to go
back and look at it a couple days later
and find out that they were that yeah so
it's it's important to keep in mind that
it doesn't automatically mean that the
note is true and you have to you have to
realistically question everything if you
want to be actually certain
um this cause the same problem the like
the the dislike button supposedly did I
think it'll create a way significantly
bigger problem than the dislike button
did um but
uh I don't really I'm I'm still not
convinced that's the actual reason why
YouTube Took the dislike button down so
I doubt they actually care no the
dislike button thing was as far as I can
tell a purely ideological move it had
nothing to do with an objective reason
to remove the dislike button I have
never never in my many conversations
about it seen any real evidence I've
seen I I or I've heard compelling
arguments that removing the dislike
button didn't materially hurt watch time
or it didn't do this or it didn't do
that I have never seen evidence that it
improved the experience of using the
platform in any way there's like no way
it
did
yeah all right well hey good luck um
Community notes
I I don't know man there was a time when
I when YouTube kind
of I would
say had kind of earned my sort of mostly
trust at least as far as I can trust a
big Tech conglomerate to to do the right
thing um I'd say they still I think they
still get it right more often than they
get it wrong
but they've really eroded a lot of that
trust especially over the last few
years
yep I mean Google in general man
Google's like Google's
rough yeah if if you use something
that's made by Google and you like it uh
you like have to have a backup plan at
this point because they might just
remove it at any time for probably not a
very good
reason um a lot of their tools have not
really been advancing very
significantly um they they are retaining
their market share through spending
dollars instead of making better
products like
it's I don't
know yeah cool it's rough what are we
supposed to be doing Dan meres oh merch
messages hey if you're new to the show
you may not be familiar with the concept
of merch messages we don't do twitch
bits we don't do super chats we do merch
messages so that any contribution to The
Show Goes To Us goes to our creator
Warehouse team uh goes to our suppliers
goes to our uh warehousing partner mibc
um goes to goes to our team to build
great products like the LTT screwdriver
The Scribe driver our water bottles all
that good stuff that you guys know and
love and the best part is that unlike
just throwing money at the screen like
some of those other methods you can
throw money at your screen and also get
great products in the mail
um we're going to show you guys how it
works in just a moment but I'm pretty
sure there was something else I was
going to say oh right how to send a
merch message all you got to do is go to
LTT store.com add something to your cart
and when we're live you're going to see
a box to send a merch message and it'll
go to producer Dan who will pop it up in
the bottom of the screen who will reply
to it himself who will forward it to
someone who can answer your question or
who will curate it for me and Luke to
address all right Dan why don't you show
us how merch messages work sure I've got
a question here from Jason lonus why do
you want AMD to create lower-end chips
manufactured E-Waste instead of
promoting using older
Hardware Ah that's a good question I do
not want people to stop using older
Hardware but what you've got to
understand is that not everybody is
comfortable buying a secondhand
processor so while I have advocated many
times
like to the point where it's almost
probably exhausting how many times I
have advocated for buying used Hardware
rather than brand new hardware
especially if you're on a tight budget
um I know and accept and fully
understand that some people are just
never going to do that and so the reason
that I'm going after AMD for the fact
that they haven't launched a ryzen 3
processor in
like three years four years
years they haven't launched a a budget
gaming processor in many years is that
the way I feel like they have
essentially
gone complacent
leader and figured well if we can only
produce so much
silicon why do we have to give any of
the most new fangled power efficient
performance chips to the people who only
have 120 bucks to spend when we can just
take all of that allocation and put it
into epic and ryzen 9 and uh stricks
Point laptops
um and that wasn't amd's attitude before
and I just I don't know I get frustrated
when I see people treat AMD like they're
some kind of Golden Child Scrappy
Underdog who is you know Pro consumer or
whatever because look at what AMD did
with ryzen where you could buy a thread
Ripper for uh Matt I forget what the
starting price for the thread Ripper uh
1900x was thread Ripper here hold on I
want to I want to check this thread
Ripper
1900x uh MSRP launch okay what was it
$549 for
$549 when AMD was actually Scrappy when
they were coming from behind for less
than the price of a current thread
Ripper Pro
motherboard okay seriously Flagship
thread Ripper Pro motherboards are like
a th000 plus dollars you could have
gotten a thread Ripper chip and a board
that wasn't that long ago that was in
2017 so what frustrates me is that AMD
used to still they they used to give you
the option to buy a last Gen processor
with probably more cores okay but you're
also going to save some money on the
platform or you could buy a current Gen
processor at a lower price get more up
to-date cores so you'd be getting the
latest architecture you probably it
probably wouldn't perform as well in
it's in a bench or even real world
applications that more people use like
video editing or video encoding uh but
it would have a greater upgrade path so
AMD does do some things right fact that
they're continuing to provide processors
for am4 is really good they just
launched new Chips that's absolutely
incredible how long they've supported
that platform for but what isn't
incredible is that they are effectively
putting a a price barrier in the way of
am5 which is the new am4 that's the one
that people who might not have a ton of
money today but might want to be able to
upgrade down the line that's the one
they should be buying so that they can
be able to upgrade in the future right
to to take advantage of some of the very
consumer first things that AMD does um
so no I I am not I'm not going to
stop calling out AMD for not introducing
entrylevel
processors am5 is not new like for
crying out loud when did ryzen 7000
launch hold on let me check let me check
this September
2022 am5 launched 2 years ago and you
still can't buy a chip for it under
about
$200 no I don't think that's
okay let me check let me check what the
is might be it might be under 200 hold
on is your phone making noise no that is
not mine also uh calls to like if you're
going to talk about this with AMD you
should talk about Intel too I I think
there's no illusion that Intel's in a
extremely significant amount of hot
water right now we're just trying to
make it clear that that doesn't mean
that the other side is uh and this
specific thing no this specific thing
Intel isn't doing Intel absolutely
nerfed the crap out of their entry-level
chips for many years but man you can
pick up like a
14100 um let's see there actually there
there's some really good uh Intel 14
series chips that are like an
outstanding value if you're a budget
gamer now I would not necessarily
recommend those I would actually rather
that you go pick up like a used ryzen
3000 or something like that but if you
must have something brand new with the
warranty and all those things that you
know kind kind of make you feel better
or whatever else it's not my thing but
if that's your thing then Intel
absolutely has value options they do but
we've got to recognize that that's not
because Intel is benevolent that is
because Intel is in a position where
they are looking for gaps in the market
where they consell chips and AMD didn't
create thread Ripper 1900x because they
were benevolent they did it because
Intel left the high-end desktop Market
completely unaddressed they got
complacent so what I'm advocating for is
for everyone to address their customers
needs proactively rather than wait
around for us to go yo hey where the
heck is a value Zen 4
processor yeah what is going on
here why is Zen 5 launching purely with
highend and absolutely no indication no
telegraphing whatsoever of when you're
going to address the entry level when am
I going to be able to buy one of these
stupid efficient chips maybe I only need
a couple cores maybe I'm building a NZ
when am I going to be able to buy Zen 5
for
that no it's not
okay that's all I have to say about
that I got another one for you here hey
lonus you've been daily driving Qualcomm
Snapdragon after getting your hands on
Zen 5 stricks are you eager to switch
back to AMD anything you were expecting
to see in Zen 5 five you hope to see in
Zen
6 I am not eager to switch
back oh what I have realized
is basically everything I do on my
laptop is in a browser except for the
occasional thing and I haven't run into
anything catastrophic yet um I am I am
really enjoying that realization should
you just be on a Mac
I I thought you were GNA I thought you
were GNA go
Chromebook got
him never mess with the producer blocked
never mess with the
producer I didn't expect
that you're going to make me support Mac
we have a whole topic on why that's
going to be hell
later yeah um oh do we yeah I I I I okay
my understanding is that Apple has
addressed window Management in a big way
um so that was one of my irritations
with Mac is I I'm sorry I refused sear
is way better I refuse to buy a window
management application um but my
understanding is it's way better now
you're right search is way better but if
there's one thing that would keep me off
of the Mac anyway it would be finder I
do not like finder I do not find it to
be intuitive to to navigate um folder
structures I do not find it intuitive to
access network shares um Apple went very
Dazz heavy um and it's it was very clear
from you know the Thunderbolt drive
towers and just the the workflows that
Apple would feature in their marketing
collateral that they just didn't really
get Nas um the funny thing is that Apple
was I I would say one of the key players
in moving 10 gig to the mainstream like
the fact that the Mac Mini launched with
10 gig as an option like the the new Mac
Mini or the new new the less new
whatever uh when when Apple made 10 gig
networking an option on the Mac Mini and
then dual 10 gig on the Mac Pro I was
like thank
you finally you someone's doing because
Apple's the one that does it and then
everyone else goes oh okay we're not
going to be our spec page isn't going to
be comparable to Apple if we don't have
this it's like okay yeah freaking a
let's finally go 10 gig um
do is in a
browser and the search on the computer
is pretty good does finder being an
annoying piece of junk really matter
yeah it does because I still will yeah I
I Navigate the folder structure of my
computer frequently enough that would be
a problem for are you just
old um I don't think so I think I just
do a lot of work and um I think I just
do a lot of work that requires me to be
in my folder structure like I work at a
media company is you looking through the
folder structure on the computer a
symptom of Windows search being so bad
no because would you do it so much if
search would work yeah I I still would
because I wouldn't remember exactly what
something's called necessarily like many
of the files that I'm accessing are mvi
0723 whatever like it like footage
things like that right I no I need to be
a I need to be able to quickly go to the
folder see it and thumbnail view exactly
um so with the amount of that that do I
just I just don't see it and a part of
it for me I have to confess would be
just being old and set in my ways I
don't want to remember new shortcuts
like keyboard shortcuts um yeah yeah me
neither I I do not objectively I stand I
I believe this is objective I Apple's um
command key is really hard to reach
compared to control for executing
shortcuts I would that's not something
something that I would ever think is
better or the same bu
that don't know I genuinely do not know
uh people are saying finder can show the
folder path yeah my issues with finder
run deeper than just seeing or not
seeing the folder path I just do not
like finder I'm sorry I yeah I'm sorry I
just can't I can't um people are like
every excuse not to try it out guys I
switched to a Mac I switched to a Mac
for over a I'm just trying to mess with
lonus um
find her freaking sucks and I would use
it too Gomez says Linus sorry but you're
objectively wrong there's so many media
companies that use M compared to
Windows that is like Oh that's oh man
that is that is so flawed for so many
reasons nothing that I said was that
media companies don't use Max and you
got to understand that a lot of the
reasons that media companies use max
it's not cuz finder is good like I'm
talking about the way that I need to
access footage I'm I don't I'm not an
editor I don't use Final Cut I'm going
in and I'm I am I am like browsing media
files like I'm uh like it'll be like hey
lonus can you have a look at this
section of this clip is this something
that needs a pickup for example I
wouldn't open Final Cut or premiere for
that I would just I would just go find
the file so yeah I'm I'm telling you
guys my workflow specifically um
requires me to be com comtable
navigating the file structure uh I'm not
saying that I'm not even arguing that
media companies don't use apple um and a
lot of it does not come down to finder
it comes down to software like logic it
comes down to software like Final Cut
Pro right it's not we're not even we're
not we're not even talking about the
same thing there is no objectively wrong
that I find finder to be unintuitive and
difficult to use compared to Explorer
Explorer is not perfect Explorer
absolutely has its issues but uh
yeah no basically explore is pretty good
I I don't disagree that it has its
issues and stuff but explore is pretty
good I mean it has it it even suffers
from some of the things that I find
frustrating about Apple like for example
why is there a limit to how big I can
have my thumbnails why can't I just have
even bigger
ones right like why and that's such an
apple thing like I remember I think it
was you Luke that I showed this too and
you were like what uh when I showed you
that there there's like an artificial
limitation to how far you can zoom into
a picture when you're when you're
looking at it on an iPhone iPhone yeah
so wacky and the fact that you like and
you know because because you know apple
right you understand the product
philosophy right the reason is that they
don't want you zooming in too far
because it'll look blurry it's like no
I'm actually just trying to see that and
and you can zoom in as far as you can
like reach on the screen but when you
let go it'll like wiing back no I
actually just want to leave it there I
don't want to keep my fingers on the
screen to be able to see this and just
like stupid things like that like not
being able to lock an iPhone in
landscape mode even though you can with
an iPad um and that was true even back
when they were both using the same op
same operating system they were both
using iOS but it was just an arbitrary
limitation um like it's it's just stuff
like that but Microsoft absolutely does
the same thing sometimes and I'm sure
you know the thumbnail size thing is is
again back to different company cultures
different company philosophies with
Microsoft it's probably more to do with
the fact that no one felt like revising
the code too much and it's been this way
since XP or whatever like it's it's for
completely different reasons but I I do
think there's absolutely ways that
Explorer could be improved I just do
prefer it to find
her okay should we do some more topics
that was all a merch message wasn't it I
don't even know who even knows anymore
did we only do one merch message I think
we're supposed to do another one all
right hit us Dan oh that would be three
merch messages okay oh are we mixing it
up I screwed up okay fine Luke well hold
on do that I'm sorry Dad I just I
thought we only did one that's my bad
before we do that there are a few things
for us to talk about real quick we have
some cool stuff for you guys to check
out on the store if you're looking for
an excuse to send a Merc me Merc message
a mercenary message um if you're looking
to send a merch message we have a poster
I don't think we've ever done a poster
before but you can level up your space
with the intergalactic GPU poster it's
just a cute art print of a legally
distinct GPU that is literally out of
this world look at that your space to
could there we go your space to could
look like that frame not
included uh I actually have one with me
isn't that classy love it oh where'd luk
go oh there he is you where you growling
at I have one with me uh Arthur asked me
to specifically call out that the frame
is not man I'm gonna dude I'm gonna get
this wait how is that is is that camera
not level I I swear this is level um
okay this is painful okay there you go
that that's what it looks
like it comes in a tube and it's
available now so that's one of the
anouncements for the store this week
does it come with the
frame uh no Dan I just wanted you to
reiterate Shout Out Gary from our design
team um and it's printed using pigment
ink on luster photo paper which means
it's got greater color and detail and
it's more resistant to fading than your
average poster oh okay thanks team uh
it's available in super limited
quantities with a limit of one per
person oh okay apparently this is just
like a like a a small thing uh oh also
oh where'd it go here it is our
collaboration with Delta Hub is now live
you can pick up one of these
LTT I'm sure one of these LT carpos
today using the link in the description
uh it's got Teflon feet so unlike a
standard wrist rest it Glides along with
your
hand there we go while you're using it
and basically supports your wrists
there's only 2,000 units available so
grab yours before they run out we're
going to have it linked in the video
description and I have one last store
update for you guys scribe
drivers that's right the product that
should have been called the write off
scribe drivers are going to be in stock
soon we've been getting a ton of
comments and messages asking when we're
going to be restocking The Scribe driver
for those who don't know it's a
stainless steel uh bolt action pen uh
that is made out of repurposed LT
original uh from the original supplier
that disappeared and screwed us over and
then made these uh subpar shafts that
were not the right nerling type for a
screwdriver but it turns out great for a
pen uh so it's made out of repurposed
LTT screwdriver shafts uh when we
initially launched the Scribe driver uh
we sold out of all 5,000 of them in I
believe it was 33 hours or something
like that like it was it was about a day
it was crazy I don't think oh I was
going to say I don't think we've ever
seen sales velocity like this but I
think the original screwdriver may have
been higher
uh but either way this this was uh I I
don't think we've ever been as surprised
by sales velocity with that certainly
not yeah I think we had like 200 left
near the end of Wan show right it was
like yeah it was crazy crazy like that
we've come a little more prepared this
time we're going to have 10,000
available next week but there's over
11,000 people already signed up for a
notification so if you want to secure
your scribe driver before we run out
again sign up to get notified at lmg gg/
pen and then you will know exactly when
we restock I've seen so many people that
are like OMG I'm being so careful with
mine right now because they don't have
any more stock I'm going to buy another
one like as soon as they restock so that
I I like don't have to be stressed about
losing it people are freaking loving
this thing
um all right that was it Dan where are
pens is pens is pens under Tools yes the
pen is under Tools which is fine it's a
writing tool but seriously guys five
stars let's go look at this oh the big
one that I found is a bit disappointing
well look that's all the proof you need
that we do not censor people from
posting their real Impressions on our
site all
right there you go jeez awkward this is
what happens when I'm browsing the site
live you got to love it right that
doesn't change the overall picture
festar
product
yeah all right what are we supposed to
be doing right now okay more topics
let's go and I'm sorry Zeal from Acron
us I'm
sorry the seam between the two sections
is noticeable yeah I know the seene
between the two sections is noticeable
that's cuz they're made of different
things this part is made of salvaged
screwdriver shaft but the shaft is not
the length of the whole pen we had to
machine a separate thing that's why
they're they are separate things okay
well all right well anyway um cool yeah
no we wanted to reuse as much of the
original material as possible part of
the the coolness of the product is it's
recycled
materials Alon says I wouldn't buy a
festar product that didn't have some
critical reviews that's fair that's fair
enough oh that's going to be a fun video
Luke we finally did it we did the lowest
rated PC we shot it this week
so David oh scoured New Egg for the
worst product the worst rated product in
every category and we built a PC using
all the worst rated
products it went about as badly as you'd
expect now we we didn't take we didn't
take products that were one star but
just had one review and it was like
defective so I think our threshold was
it had to have at least five reviews but
we ended up with a lot of two and a half
three star products and without spoiling
too much David tested it to make sure
everything worked and it didn't fully
survive the
shoot
wow yeah it's yeah it's it's a fun video
it's going to be a good one I'm pretty
I'm pretty excited for you guys to see
that okay next topic nope I have more
Community announcement things oh uh
there's an article on the lab that was
basically just published which is a uh a
deep dive into overclocking the new
risen 7
9700x um this is a first of its kind of
like article type on the lab uh and it's
very cool you should check it out and
it's there it's long there's a lot of
information scroll through it go go
faster
speed I am
speed I'm overclocked
this is as fast as I can go no matter
how many watts you give me I don't
believe
you what about 4500 amps so if you guys
are
[Music]
uh I think that's what I think that's
what the motherboards are giving this
sorry uh I went somewhere else with that
I thought it was going to be letters
that spelled something or something no
no way down 808 amps or something like
that you know can you can you turn off
your phone notifications please me yeah
oh oh is it his okay yeah I don't even
know where my phone is oh there it is
it's under my leg um
fine oh hold on it's my wife though it
might be important one sec uh okay I
don't know what that means cool
um oh wait no there oh there's more oh
oh there's more uh there's a tech
hoarders auction we made a video where I
went to David's house Luke do you know
about
this uh I know you did something with
this David's moving he's getting into
the housing market which means some of
his retro collection which he has
accumulated over many years and spent
thousands and thousands of dollars on uh
some of his retro collection has to go
now he was thinking hey we did that Tech
hoarders video at Brian the
electrician's place and people were
pretty interested in like seeing me
effectively go in and kind of Shame
people for all of the stuff that they've
accumulated you know um people really
liked that format and he was like as
much as this is you know me being the
the zoo exhibit that we're all going to
at you know I think there's a tech
hoarders here so what he did was before
I got there he separated he drew a line
down the middle of the garage and he
separated the stuff he was keeping from
the stuff that he was going to auction
in order to help pay for a gaming space
in his new place um and help pay for
some of the uh the fixing up that they
need to do and I was like oh that's
super cool
David but a big part of what you asked
me here to do was to help you get rid of
more of it so he had boxes and boxes of
retro
games and again without spoiling too
much he got rid of a lot more than he
had originally intended to and he he's
going to uh he's actually got everything
that we went through and I made him get
rid of up for auction right now the
original video or the video where we're
going to look at his horde is up on
float plane right
now so I think that actually went live
oh shoot I just closed FL plane chat way
to go L I think that went live yeah that
went live while we were on Wan show
today I'm auctioning his collection Tech
hoarders 2 uh absolutely incredible
collection guys you're going to see
you're going to see some stuff okay like
why does he own food fight for
Atari why why does he own why does he
own why does he own Pimp My Ride for the
PlayStation 2 classic okay yeah exactly
um so the video is live on float plane
right now where you guys can check out
what he's going to have for sale I
believe it's going up on YouTube
tomorrow uh we wanted to make sure
people had time to bid on stuff though
so we're letting the W show know so they
can go take a look right now it's at
Urban auctions um and oh the listings
are dispersed among non LTT listings so
we asked them to add an LT keyword to
the listings but haven't heard back so
look for the listings with this gray
hardwood as the background oh good lord
okay well at any rate if you go to Urban
auctions and then refine search and then
LTT uh basically anything here is a
piece of David's collection and there is
some
very very interesting stuff in here guys
like dude it's it's kind of wild analog
consoles uh so many consoles a lot of
modded consoles that he personally
modded um there was a lot of stuff that
I was going to kind of tempted to pick
up I'm not seeing Ein Hunter he must
have uh he must be keeping it like a
complete in box Final Fantasy 7 oh yeah
uh man there's some analog consoles that
uh I don't want to go into it so much I
have been trying to get them for a long
time and talked to certain people and
they said that I could get them and I
have not found a route to getting them I
really wish analog continued to make
some of their older
stuff okay hopefully they can figure
that out eventually nope the listings
should all have LCT in them now we have
heard back so it's all good what auction
site was it again Urban
auctions.con our list of announce oh
yeah scrapyard Wars part three coming
out soon on float plane keep your eyes
ready for that notification also our
episode 3 giveaway is live now ahead of
us releasing episode 3 and the prizes
include two Jawa editioned oh signed LTT
screwdrivers which I will be signing
right now apparently so basically did we
love hug Urban auctions or is my
internet just struggling uh
oh it it has been hugged okay whoops
well that's just typical
oops sorry guys there oh no there we go
it's just long anyway we did a couple of
screwdrivers in jaa's color scheme and
I'm going to sign them right now and you
can get a chance to win all you've got
to do is check out the link in the video
description which I assume is there
but I haven't actually looked for it so
uh good luck everybody okay hold on I'm
back to my document now so I will know I
will know uh yeah lmg
Doggs YW giveaway 3 they'll have even
more screwdrivers to give away along
with a bunch of really cool and
exclusive prizes and we'll have
everything Linked In the description
okay okay okay I think we're good I
think that's all the good Lord is that
ever a lot of announcements this week
all right what do you want to do
next uh Believe In You Luke you're going
to pick a really good one what about
those things you're supposed to be
signing I just signed them okay good I
wasn't paying attention goodbye he's a
fast boy um Reddit CEO hints at payal
subreddits and AI search an earnings
call earlier this week we're never GNA
no no no no no we're never going to do
the good news W show at this rate how
dare you pick that topic I don't think I
think we already haven't haven't we
already covered negative things I know I
just mean ah it's never going to happen
no just fine fine just do it I'm over
it uh ear in an earnings call earlier
this week CEO Steve Hoffman suggested
that users could start to see paywalled
areas of Reddit that may include
exclusive or private content Reddit will
start testing oh wow that could actually
do really really well um Reddit will
start testing AI assisted search later
this year using a mix of first and
thirdparty AI models to provide Search
summary
and Reddit went uh public in March of
this year and has been aggressively
pursuing new ways to monetize the site's
content which has created and moderated
uh by their users which is created sorry
uh increas increased API fees which many
thirdparty apps couldn't afford so
essentially just had to shut down which
I think was honestly if we're being if
we're being real the play and what they
wanted um they signed a deal with Google
while blocking other search engines from
crawling uh maybe this is you know part
of why Google got crushed as a monopoly
um and signed a deal with open aai
allowing posts and comments to be used
to train chat GPT they also increase the
number of ads shown to users they're
currently testing ads within
comments and they're planning to include
ads in search results yoikes uh reddit's
Q2 earnings reported a 54% increase in
sales from the previous year with losses
shrinking to 10 million from $41 million
wow discussion question why do we keep
on putting up with Reddit uh well
because they crushed all the other
competition so they're really isn't much
anymore yeah and we're at the point now
where they've got that they've got that
incumbent Advantage like
you're you're just not going to find
information on you know Playstation 3
modding on a new community that Springs
up tomorrow you know not the same way
that you will find this this wealth of
it that exists on Reddit from back when
everyone was super into it you know
um I just don't see I just don't see a
path forward other
than just take it
um I don't know and and to be clear I'm
not saying that I want to do that I'm
just saying I don't see people standing
up I mean Reddit already pulled moves
that were deeply deeply unpopular with
their user base and as far as I can tell
everyone just came crawling right
back back really even left I mean a
couple of them you know that thing where
like the the Doom scrolling maneuver
when you like close an app and then
pause for three seconds and open it
again or you like oh I'm done with
Reddit on my phone I will now go on to
Reddit on my computer
I feel like that's what users did
they're like a I'm annoyed with Reddit
I'm going to close it and walk into
another room and then open it again like
I I didn't notice anything even slow
down oh
well uh in other news still not good
Google kills the chomecast introduces
successor Google TV streamer they can't
just call it Google TV because they kill
that in the past as well I actually
wasn't done talking Reddit they're going
to kill it with private subreddits um
and with monetized subreddits because
they're already very adult content
friendly so like look out only
fans I actually see them I thought you
meant they were going to kill it as and
they were going to kill Reddit make
enormous amounts of money from this yeah
yep yeah if I was only fans I would have
my eye on this extremely
closely yeah probably only one eye
knowing only fans um next
topic sorry what has one eye is it a
snake Google kills chomecast on Tuesday
Google announced via their blog that
Google TV streamer a set top box
replacement for the chomecast a set top
box
replacement for the handy little dongle
gross yeah I know right with added
support for for matter over thread
what uh anyways the the best of Google
TV for AI powered personalized
entertainment uh Google into the
announcement what changed it's $100
compared to a $50 chomecast 4K they
added an ethernet port okay I'm actually
super into this the fact that we were
all Wi-Fi all the time for video
streaming was phenomenally stupid
ethernet now yeah yeah I do like that
there's ethernet now I'm into I don't
know if paying double the amount for
ethernet makes a ton sense but um
there's a 22% Improvement in the so but
it's also just like a new product so
that's fine um they moved from am logic
s so to the same mediate Tech lineup
used in the Amazon Fire stick
uh has an HDMI cable built in or any
HDMI oh got to not move stuff during oh
sorry these are part of the same thing
I'm so sorry sorry Luke where did it
even go i i f it folded up with the
Reddit CEO H Pay weld subreddits
one um watch me mess with Luke and move
it again sorry go ahead all right I mean
you can read it if you want no no go
ahead all right um well I have to find
it again so this is a fantastic no
longer has an HDMI cable built in or any
HDMI cable at all just a port okay did
you find
it yeah just support is fine though um I
wonder if one comes in the Box
no assume it would nope just a
port but it says no cable built in or
with it at all you sure yeah I know
right okay uh seems weird I mean things
don't come with chargers anymore Luke
Luke things don't come with chargers
this is uh oh well matters uh I like
smart home thing and I forget what
thread
is okay um FCC filing done by Quant
computers instead of directly from
Google okay uh the remote has a speaker
now so that you can chime in when it
gets Lo chime it when it gets lost okay
that's actually neat yeah Co and volume
buttons move to the front of the remote
instead of a rocker on the
side I don't love that it's a set top
box I just hate that it's $100 um I
don't really see I don't really see why
this needed to be so much bigger and so
much more expensive just to add an
ethernet port because from my point of
view that's all they've really done here
um this is just this is just a this is a
price hike um that's that's all it
really is Google TV streamer uh also in
my opinion not a good
name yeah like a bad name in the sense
where companies make bad names that are
like impossible to decipher it's just
it's so generic that searching for
anything to do with it is going to bring
up a whole bunch of other garbage
especially in Google's own search engine
that sucks um yes it's just yeah
chomecast is is like it's it's catchy
everyone knows what it is I can see how
it's kind of outdated these days because
realistically most of what you're doing
with a chomecast is not casting from a
chrome enabled device like it's kind of
an outdated name but it had such uh it
it was it's so well understood like it
has so much momentum already I don't see
why they wouldn't just call it chomecast
2024 like just call call it just call it
chomecast even though yeah the CHR
casting part is not really the most
important part of
it um I just I just don't see why this
has to be $100 that's my biggest thing
here yeah somebody in FL plane chat said
there's a lot more storage I'm not sure
about
that why do you need a ton of storage on
your chomecast though I didn't I didn't
know chomecast had any storage do I
never wanted any storage you can run
emulated games on them and stuff I think
chomecast I think so Android games yeah
yep yeah it has 32 gigs of storage so
that's something but like does 32 gigs
of storage cost that's practically
nothing in the modern day yeah I I don't
know
guys yeah the hardware specs suck it's
like marginally faster than the old
one Anie hikage says I just want a
streaming box experience without any
attachment to Fang
I mean what are you going to stream from
that isn't going to come from what what
is it Facebook Amazon Apple Netflix
Google like come on uh what what is what
is the new Fang acronym I think there's
a new
one yeah I don't remember what it is but
yeah I don't know I don't know what the
latest one is
yeah all right Corsair has ditched 80
plus they are dropping the widely
recognized 80 plus power Supply
certification for the newer more
comprehensive cybernetics lab
certification so 80 plus actually
doesn't measure much it measures the
efficiency of a power supply at four
different load levels 10 20 50 and 100%
cybernetics applies more than
1,450 different load combinations to
devices under test and considers
efficiency power factor and noise level
in its ratings um oh bonus results
comparison what is this
oh no idea interesting we've got the
same power supply evaluated by 80 plus
cybernetics and LTT
Labs that's kind of
cool here we go okay here I'm screen
sharing uh so this is the report from 80
plus on the seic focus 750 watt uh the
the GX 750 oh yeah so
sorry uh gx750 from cic so
basically input power output power so
efficiency efficiency it's all pretty
much just efficiency okay here is
cybernetics already looks more for
real cables and connectors gauge of the
wires this is actually pretty important
because um I don't know if I ever never
saw a Switcheroo where a manufacturer
changed the gauge of the wires but we
definitely saw ones back in the day
where manufacturers would submit for
certification with shorter wires and
then they would ship with longer ones
that were better for cable management
but those shorter wires would allow them
to get better uh efficiency and a better
80 plus rating average
efficiency okay cool cool cool
cool AC loss hold up
time Vampire power ooh efficiency
graph oh that's kind of cool so minor
rails versus major rails versus um 12vt
rail cuz if you have there were some
power supplies especially back in the
day where if you had absolutely no load
on them outside of the 12vt rail uh they
would really struggle like they expected
to be evenly loaded it's not nearly as
much of an issue today but how much of
an issue is it well you'll only know if
you look at proper power supply testing
this is great I actually uh have been
very pleased to see cybernetics um start
to Horn in on 0 Plus's Monopoly and sort
of validating power supplies and to see
Corsair come out and be supportive of
this is just great let's do away with
this meaningless uh this meaningless
certification that doesn't really help
people properly understand the
difference between a good and a bad
power supply um and try to support more
comprehensive testing so that people
really know what they're buying and then
moving on we've got LT Labs
overview of the same power
supply so there are things that um we
are interested in that cybernetics isn't
necessarily uh I don't know if we've
actually got that rolled out yet but one
of the things that I know we're working
on is a look at the um the lengths of
all of the
cables uh yeah so we don't have that
rolled out yet so that's hopefully
coming in the
future and you're really going to have
to oh man we're gonna have to scroll a
lot Brown out hold up duration
cool good job cybernetics
stay
real okay what else we got
today h what do we do
next uh xwu asks would you give an LTT
Labs certification stamp in the future
um we've talked about that as a
possibility right now that is
not um right now that's not something
that's on our road map I think we still
have a lot of work to do to
um expand our testing across more
verticals to go deeper into testing in
some of the verticals that we already
test um standardize some of our testing
uh build up our team to have
um more more backup so that we can so we
can test more products in the queue at
once like there's there's so much that
we have to do before I think we're going
to try and develop a program where we
boil down the quality of a product to
like a simple badge or color C or a
grade or something like that that kind
of make sense do that kind of align uh
interim head of labs maybe I should have
let you answer that question
whoops I don't think we've talked about
that publicly by the
way well gotta
go uh should I pick another
topic nice it's just me perfect Hardware
hackers develop method for restoring
software bricked first gen Apple
homepods uh many users have many users
of the original homod have had their
units bricked due to software errors I'm
not going to address that at all uh
don't have USB ports only proprietary
connector hid under the base um used by
Apple for Diagnostics and Apple's only
response to Brick homepods has been to
charge users for outof warranty repairs
and Replacements leaving users with no
other options until now I'm not no I see
chat I'm not addressing it um repair guy
Nick Fix in collaboration with TW how do
I say that name
David
rcall rcal not sure um and thimar
figured out how to open the O the homep
Pod up access the port and fix the
software he's published detailed
instructions on how to fix it yourself
or you can just ship it and pay for him
to do it um the detailed instructions
are on GitHub um if you look for homepod
D restore on GitHub you should be able
to find it very cool
project is he coming back
Dan hello is everyone
gone sorry what is is lonus coming back
who oh my goodness oh my
goodness okay I can keep doing topics
I'm going to keep ignoring it uh rip
Game Informer after 33 years the
longest the longest running us Gaming
magazine is gone GameStop who acquired
the magazine in 2000 has laid off all 13
staff members this comes after multiple
rounds of layoffs since 2018 and as a
final slap in the face to the staff the
farewell message wasn't written by
anyone at Game Informer and looks like
it was written by AI
uh apparently the next issue was about
70% complete when the layoffs were
announced and a group led by former GI
or game and former video producer Ben
Hansen is now attempting to preserve as
much of the Publications as
possible sorry Luke I'd love to talk in
more detail about what we were talking
about before but I have some Welches to
eat
wow that's that's a wow that's a lot you
do like chubby bunny with
Welches try to say it say Chubby
Bunny chubby
bunny that might be a first um sorry
yeah so we're saying with the lab um
talking about we're talking about rip
Game Informer right now
that's
gnarly oh
man what is what is
that there's a podcast that releases an
episode like once a decade as far as I
can tell um but I I like it a lot it's
called a life well wasted and they have
an
episode uh their first episode ever is
called the death of egm or electronic
gaming monthly um and it's actually a
really cool look into the closure of one
of these old gaming magazines um I I
would highly recommend listening to it
um it's old so you know keep that in
mind it's from like 2013 or something um
but yeah it sucks when these types of
Publications go down
and the like somewhat death of modern
journalism has been unfortunate but yeah
discussion question is what are some
gaming magazines or websites that you
and then in Brackets audience Miss and
where can the people go today for news
reviews and
previews well some gaming news you can
get from game linked other than that
there's U like game ranks is a really
awesome YouTube channel for gaming stuff
that I've watched over the years
um those guys have always been great
there's a bunch of all my game news from
yatsi from yatsi zero Punk no no no no
fully
emblematic oh right right there was the
whole Fallout with The Escapist
yes
um yeah I think it's genuinely like
mostly YouTubers these days which is
kind of weird but well I mean that's
where the money is it's hard to make
money in written it's not yep it's not a
secret we've talked about it so many
times on the show it's not a mystery why
written Publications are struggling
because you can't make money with
unobtrusive ads and people are going to
block the obtrusive ads that you can
make money with so your options
are just don't make money or
um yeah go under I remember like so I'm
in Vegas right now for Defcon and I I
remember there was one time when I was a
lot younger when I was flying I had a a
a layover in Vegas for like a few hours
um I didn't have a ton of money at the
time but I was stuck in the airport I
wasn't going to leave the airport even
though I was here for like I think it
was like four or five hours or something
because like what was I going to do in
Vegas when I'm like 16 um so I
entertained Myself by buying I I think
it was like a I don't know like a PC
Gamer magazine or or Xbox magazine or
something at the time um because that
was something I used to enjoy I remember
I had the I think it was the Xbox
magazine article
that was the like all the pre-release
information for Halo 2 I read that thing
so many times oh man I I used to really
like the gaming magazines I I liked
having columns in them that were written
by by the same people all the time so
you knew like what kind of what kind of
a writer that person was so you could
you could almost read it in their voice
all that type of stuff it was like
pre-youtube for for me for gaming news
content um yeah I don't know sad but the
world keeps moving apparently Second
Wind group uh is in hot water now as
well I have no idea
um how much of I I don't know much more
Beyond one of their creators just
resigned following apparently a couple
others who resigned good
gravy all right cool well good luck
everybody oh
boy ah
ah go watch game linked yeah
okay next
topic oh we're supposed to do sponsors
uh speaking of keeping a sustainable
business going the show is brought to
you today by
MSI are you dying to mesur the Impaler
over and over because you failed to get
good wow I love what a great great job
they did of motion tracking this to uh
make it seem like I ever even managed to
get to this point love it um or is it
your old motherboard slowing you down
maybe you need some help from our
sponsor
MSI give your old motherboard to your
siblings an upgrade to the MSI mag x670
Tomahawk it's ready for AMD ryzen 9000
8,000 and 7,000 series processors and
support super fast DDR 5 memory up to
6,000 plus megat transfers per second
just like you a graphics card should
never Bend or fall under the weight of
adversity and that's why MSI has
reinforced their pcie slots with
additional solder points you'll never
miss an audio queue in a boss fight
thanks to msi's audio boost feature plus
the board is durable thanks to its
highquality eight layer PCB made of 2 oz
thickened copper and server grade
materials so check out the MSI Meg x670
Tomahawk Wi-Fi motherboard in the video
description the show is also brought to
you by
Squarespace these could be your
potential customers running away from
your ugly
website oh okay cool Dan's Bakery now
with bread and bananas uh our sponsor
Squarespace is here to make your
business look professionally polished so
you'll never scare a potential customer
away again building a website with
Squarespace is easy you can literally
just drag and drop the designs that you
want with the with Squarespace blueprint
AI you can find a theme that matches
your taste add your product info and
you're done no coding required the new
Squarespace design intelligence feature
helps you with brand identity product
descriptions emails and onboarding for
your new website and most importantly
your customers have the flexibility to
pay you through PayPal and even Apple
pay as I'm sure you've heard we use
Squarespace for our website too and if
something goes wrong and your site does
look like a man in a morph suit no
worries Squarespace support team is
there to help you so start building your
website today and get 10% off your first
purchase by visiting squarespace.com
when finally the show is brought to you
by back Blaze have you ever dropped a
hard drive by
accident I have multiple times that's
why we back up our data nightly here at
lmg to back Blaze back Blaze is an
affordable and easy to use cloud backup
solution that starts at just $9 a month
you can back up almost any anything from
your Mac or PC and access it anywhere in
the world with their web and mobile apps
you can also protect your business data
through a centrally managed admin this
allows you to automatically secure all
the data on your employees computers and
they offer multiple restore options in
the event of a data loss or ransomware
attack plus you can increase your
retention history to one year for free
back Blaze has 55 billion files restored
into three exobytes of data under their
management and you can try it out for
free with no credit card required for 15
days at back blaze.com
slw all right Dan hit us with a couple
merch messages apparently yeah
apparently sure uh what's wrong what's
with the stagnation in consumer wired
networking we've had 10 gig for decades
but they invent a newer slower NBAs te
and Implement that instead uh also the
U7 Pro Max bottlenecked by a 2.5g link
um it's really hard it's really
expensive um also and this is going to
be this is going to be a real bummer for
people who don't feel this way and and
don't agree but faster than gigabit is
just not necessary for almost
anyone and trust me if you're one of
those people who needs 2 and a half gig
5 gig 10 gig um I hear you I'm I'm with
you I I want faster I want faster
networking but the vast majority of what
anybody does is not going to be
bottlenecked by gigabit which has been
around since on consumer motherboard
since what
like two early 2000s late 90s like I'm
pretty sure socket a motherboards had
gigabit networking
so here hold on let me see let me see
okay here's uh the Retro web here we go
and this is a motherboard that was like
kind of popular back when um when I was
getting into computers blah blah blah no
issue okay two times RJ45 Lan chips here
we go yeah okay so this was um this was
PCI
gigabit which was kind of problematic
because it used up a lot of the
available pcie or PCI a lot of the
available PCI bus which was shared um if
you were actually transferring at full
speed not that you really like could to
anything meaningfully cuz your internet
would be nowhere near that speed and um
you know realistically unless you were I
mean yeah I guess transferring off of
Nas you might get close but there was
there was Windows overhead and stuff
like you never really saw gigabit speeds
back in those days uh but also PCI just
wasn't fast enough that you could get
full full gigabit speed so this wasn't
even proper gigabit yet but it was
already a thing like back when this
board was popular so this would have
been in like what
2003 or something like that like 20023
and Force 2
era but
it's
fine
um and making interfaces go fast over
long distances is still really hard I
mean look at things like Thunderbolt we
can go as fast as 40 gbit per second on
through with USB uh USB 4
right but those uh those interfaces are
limited to uh Luke do you do you know
off the top of your head is it a meter
or something like that like what's the
fastest what's what's the longest cable
length you can do 40 gbit over for
Thunderbolt 4 I don't know off the top
of my head I can try to look it up uh no
it's fine I I'm on it
already uh 2 m 2 m
like yeah an Ethernet standard that
can't handle 100 m is not a useful
ethernet standard and so the complexity
that you're adding in signaling on both
ends in order to transmit at and and
receive at much higher data rates over
much greater distances you've got to
have
a man you've got to have a really good
reason to make that kind of investment
in in both R&D veloping these chips and
in just the cost of putting these
chipsets into your devices I would make
the argument that even 2 and 1/2 gig the
vast majority of devices that are
shipping with a 2 and 1/2 gig interface
on them are not taking advantage of it
almost ever the way that most people are
using them like I'm thrilled that
consumer motherboards have 2 and a half
gig land on them now because I happen to
have a two and a half gig internet
connection and even then the only time
it really comes up is when I'm
downloading games and even then the only
reason it matters for me is because my
computer is fast enough that I can
actually unpack those games at 250
megabytes a second because if if I
didn't have a fast enough processor I
wouldn't even be able to take advantage
of that connection on a single
system so why
not more
like why we just we haven't been
incentivized and it's really really
really hard over great distances there
Luke did you have anything to add to
that did I miss anything no I don't
think
so yeah hey lonus I saw you mentioned
Power Rangers in a vid recently which
one of them was your
favorite oh which power well it's got to
be
Tommy right you don't do it by
color well I mean well Tommy was
multiple colors though oh but I I liked
him cuz he was like you know the the
Ranger the Green
Ranger um and green was just like my
favorite color and also like he was cool
and um and then he was the White Ranger
later but
then I didn't really care anymore about
Power Rangers by that point so sure
green ranger yeah let's go with green
ranger I mean the last thing you want to
do is like stand the white Power
Ranger yeah that's uh
little awkward y wish they'd thought of
that back then really yeah really do
oops all right last one I got for you
here why is it not okay for me to spend
$8 to look like Jack Sparrow in fortnite
but fine for myo to spend $50 to get her
nails done or for people to dye their
hair it's all just Cosmetics well for
one thing
um I would ask both of you guys who
you're trying to
press like it might not be okay for
youro to spend 50 bucks to get her nails
done who's she trying to attract no I'm
kidding I'm kidding I'm sure you guys
are doing great somebody that plays a
better video game look I don't think
either Luke or I have ever said don't
support um content that you
love what we don't like is the
predatory
practices that companies like epic games
are engaging in
um personally I'm really not that into
spending money on either of those
things I you
know I think you're I think you're
probably right that I wouldn't judge
someone for having their nails painted
as much as I would sort of disap or if
it was my kids I wouldn't disapprove as
much of them buying an $8 um bottle of
nail polish uh
compared to an 8 skin in fortnite um
honestly speaking it's not something
that I've thought about
much and it's a really good question
what is the
difference I would say that one
difference for me especially if
you are doing it yourself like if you're
painting your own Nails um you know
putting on your own little stickers
putting on your own clear coats or
whatever I would say that that's an
activity I'd say that's a hobby however
you could make a similar argument for
fortnite if playing fortnite is your is
your activity if it's if it's your hobby
if that's your form of self-expression
then I think you could make an argument
there
um I wouldn't do
either I I definitely have dyed my hair
at points in my life I was a lot
younger um and you know why I did it was
the last time I dyed my hair before the
debrand sponsorship for the the the
bleach this time which by the way didn't
cost me anything I actually made money
on it so yeah that yeah that's that that
this this was not this was not me
painting my nails or buying a fortnite
skin uh the last time I did it was when
I had started dating Ivonne but hadn't
met her parents yet and for LS I dyed my
hair bleach blonde right before she
introduced me to her parents to troll y
Von
that was the last time that I what a
jerk can you can you believe she married
me sometimes I don't know oh
jez KD talk says Lina spent money on a
facial treatment so he'll spend money on
Cosmetics actually that is totally that
is totally true um again though you know
I do consider Luke and I talked about
this on the show I do consider
maintaining my appearance to be an
investment in my career at this point
like um not looking like my body's
falling apart is is an advantage when
you are an on camera personality we can
we canot like that you know we can think
that's stupid or whatever but there is
no arguing with it like if you if you
want to argue that um you know not
looking presentable doesn't matter um
for an on cam as a media personality
you're just wrong like you're just
actually wrong um it's not how it
works no bro
talkx uh I forget what it's called
morpheus8 it's like a it's like a micro
micro needling micr puncturing treatment
uh that's it so far Elijah's like yeah
that's why I got the
buttlift O um anyway I think a lot of
it's like people's habits and stuff too
like um
lonus mentioned the whole predatory
nature of it it can hit people really
hard uh like gambling is is one of the
things that I look at gambling has
ruined countless lives at the same time
I know of one person who has a very
healthy relationship with gambling they
know that they really like gambling they
find it very entertaining and they will
take the money that it would cost to
take thems and their partner out to a
movie um and like get dinner and they'll
they'll leave all the rest of their
methods of getting money at home and
they'll take that money to the casino
and they get dinner at the casino and
they Gamble and when they're out of
money or when they feel like going home
they go home and that's like well all
right if you find that Justice
entertaining as going to go watch a
movie or more so and you're spending the
same amount of money that seems like a
relatively healthy relationship with it
but in saying that the vast majority of
people don't treat gambling that way
when they gamble so like it's it's not
gambling can still be bad but here's the
thing coming back to Hugo's question
here like what's the difference the
Cosmetic the Cosmetics industry has
probably done more damage to people's
mental health than oh fortnite skin
honestly um and not just not just mental
health I mean we want to talk about you
know testing on animals or you know any
other any other harm that the Cosmetics
industry has created or perpetuated it's
it's not an industry that I'm looking at
going like oh yeah well that's like a
perfectly reasonable thing to support
um I don't know maybe it's just maybe
it's that that was already normalized
when I was in my formative years
personally man I hate I hate to get into
this kind of thing because I'm not I'm
not judging or anything but personally I
find um
super um done up
Nails unattractive uh not I'm not
neutral on it um I find it I find it
unattractive um to me it looks like uh
it looks like
um not just not wanting to like work
with your hands if it came to that it
looks like actively avoiding
successfully
avoiding doing anything that would that
would break a nail or or or damage a
damage a glue on or or damage the finish
of the ends of your fingers um it's not
a trait that I find attractive
personally
um
so
cool I don't know if that really means
anything um well what it what it means
well they were asking why why do you
have this double standard lonus why do
you think it's why do you think it's not
cool to spend eight bucks to be Jack
Spar on fortnite but it is tangible for
my to spend 50 bucks for your nails I am
not into your so spending 50 bucks on
nails I think it's stupid so yeah but I
think there's very tangible social and
professional ramifications for not
keeping up a certain level of appearance
um which you have already pointed out
and I don't really think that exists
with gaming skins I think it's a a
different
thing I think if you show up looking
disheveled all the time um people don't
take you as seriously yeah but you show
up without gaming skins I I don't think
anyone
cares or rather I mean back to my
original question is who are you trying
to impress uh maybe someone cares about
you not having the coolest gaming skin
but you know what them why are you
trying to oppress them yeah
yeah 06 lives says lonus is kind of
judgy look I was talking about what what
personally I find attractive personally
I I knew that Ivon and I were headed for
a long-term relationship when she was
over at my parents' place when we were
quite a bit younger and my parents asked
for help mucking out the horse dolls and
Ivonne offered to
help and shoveled horse manure with me
so that I could be done faster so we
could spend more time together if she
had said okay I'll see you in a bit I
can't do that because I might damage the
finish on my paint on my fingers I'd
have been like
cool because to me um you know that's
I'm just not into it I'm not into it I'm
sorry and that works for some people
like and you can be and that's totally
fine yeah and that's totally
cool but I'm I'm just not into that
that's
all yeah hit
meus oh topics right uh oh I got signed
out perfect good timing luk you got any
topics yeah Luke are you fidgeting with
something yeah stop it I was I'm sorry I
stopped minus still has his phone on
lcas fidget my phone's been muted
forever it was mut already I was
switching between the free Spin and the
and the not free Spin oh my God sorry
shake your leg like a normal person
probably doing that too oh yeah are you
sure you don't have ADHD as well there
no way he do PR sure that I do and I'm
just fine there's no way he doesn't have
you considered meth did you just say
meds or meth
meth going to get us demonetized with
that sorry you're not sorry if you were
sorry you wouldn't have done it that's
one of my favorite Evon lines yeah
that's good
all right Logan Paul sues coffeezilla
for defamation oh Bo investigation
YouTuber coffeezilla is being sued for
defamation by pro wrestler and fellow
YouTuber Logan
Paul accurate I mean he is isn't he
doesn't he fight in the WWE or whatever
I guess technically anything you've been
paid to do you're a professional at so
sure yeah uh well Logan Paul and
coffeezilla have a tenuous relationship
since coffeezilla did expose on Logan
Paul's nft cryptog game called crypto
Zoo this lawsuit doesn't have to do with
that uh with that reporting though Paul
did threaten to sue for those videos but
dropped the threats instead the lawsuit
is primarily focused on a tweet from
crafy Zilla that reads Logan Paul really
is the type of Dude to thank you when
you expose his scam then block you when
you remind him to pay up the Tweet is
ref uh referencing no the Tweet is
referring to Paul announced buyback of
crypto assets from the community that
invested in crypto zoo that only
promised to cover a fraction of the
money invested and apparently has not
yet materialized thankfully to protect
from frivolous lawsuits coffeezilla has
media insurance or errors and omissions
insurance which is standard insurance
for many media Outlets to use when being
sued for things like defamation except
his insurance company refuses to cover
his claim meaning that coffeezilla will
have to pay expenses out of pocket
yikes uh to help fund their defense
coffeezilla has done a merch drop which
can be found at coffeezilla store okay
so there's a couple of things here um
that I I feel like are necessary to talk
about um his insurance company failing
to cover him is due to sort of a comedy
of errors where I think uh cofy zilla's
existing um errors and Emissions
coverage was expiring so he asked to get
a new one and then they got him a new
one and he was like hey but does it like
have this coverage and they're like yeah
and then he didn't read it and it turns
out it didn't um so who's liable for his
for his insurance not covering this is
probably TBD after some kind of legal
process pays out but that's what I
believe we know so far um the other
thing is a lot of people don't seem to
understand what defamation is um it's a
word that I've used before it's a word
that we've used before as a company and
it has a really specific meaning that I
think a lot of people do not understand
if you were to say something like hey
don't do a defamation about me don't
defame me that doesn't mean you can't
say anything negative you can absolutely
say something negative you just better
be damn good and sure that it's true
defamation is saying something about
someone that damages their
reputation and isn't true now the
definition of Truth and who the onus is
on to prove the veracity of the claims
is going to vary from region to region
um depending on you know how how the
laws are worded and how how everything
is set up but
functionally defamation slander Lial all
of these things are only bad if what
you're saying is not
true
um
so our discussion question here is how
does one defame someone with a
reputation as bad as Logan
Paul's um that's funny it can still
obviously happen um yeah this is going
to be a really tough one because as far
as I can tell Logan yeah by the way not
legal advice but I just want to make it
really clear guys that there is nothing
wrong with saying someone something
about someone that hurts their
reputation that is true um and
personally I I have I have never
objected to someone saying something
about me that hurts my reputation that
is true my only objection has ever been
when someone says something that damages
my reputation that is not in fact true
so this is where Logan Paul is going to
have to is going to have I guess a a
challenge ahead of him to prove that
what coffeezilla said was untrue or
misleading and also damaged his
reputation um if you want to deeper dive
into the legal side of it cof not coffee
Zilla legal eagle has a video from two
weeks ago um that goes over the case
man it's wild maybe check that out in
coffee zilla's line of work it is wild
that he was without erors and Emissions
insurance so ARs and Emissions insurance
would cover if you accidentally defamed
someone so it's kind of a a cya um for
yeah if he did accidentally defame him
looking at this tweet though that feels
like it's going to be a really difficult
case for Logan Paul to prove like maybe
the plan is just to bury him in legal
fees as opposed to actually collect any
money from him I also can't imagine that
log Logan Paul really needs the money
from
coffeezilla
um give me one quick second I'll be
right
back yeah okay he apparently
specifically chose a state that didn't
have anti-s slap laws so the idea is
just to bury him in legal fees
um yeah so slap I forget the exact I
forget what it stands for but basically
it's like a it's a it's a frivolous
lawsuit that's just designed to waste
someone's time and money strategic
lawsuit against public participation
there you go
okay man this is this is wild um well
good luck with that Logan Paul but
especially good luck with that
coffeezilla I want to go check out
okay Riley's adding some stuff because
apparently he's watching wow so his
insurance company added specific
exemptions to his agreement saying they
wouldn't cover defamation and errors and
Emissions it wasn't caught by coffe
zilla's team or insurance broker
coffeezilla thinks they may have scammed
him but cannot be sure man Insurance
Brokers are one of those things like
dude uh Dan have you ever used a travel
agent uh no I don't think so okay um
it's one of those things where they
claim that they can save you money mhm
but they take a
cut
so how does the math work on
that every single time whether we're
talking Insurance Brokers mortgage
brokers travel agents every single time
where there is an opportunity to cut out
a middle person Ivonne has been able to
negotiate a better deal than through a
broker and with communication breakdowns
I know in some cases Insurance there's
absolutely no way to get away from
Brokers but man I just I hate adding
extra middle
persons with their extra cuts and with
their extra potential for communications
to break down I'm about to say something
that might be pretty unpopular with some
of the people that we work with
professionally but agencies uh marketing
agencies are another example of that I
can't think of very many I can think of
some I'm not going to name any names
here but I can't think of many
situations where our engagement with a
brand was enhanced by dealing with a
creative or marketing agency It
generally just adds
complexity
reduces um how far the budget will
stretch because they always take a cut
and generally reduces the amount of
information that we can get it it just
yeah it's it it's terrible basically
terrible uh Vinnie 2K says often tribel
agents receive deals directly from
hotels and tour operators that you may
not have access to except Vinnie if you
call that hotel and say hey my travel
agent offered me this deal they will
often give you a better deal because
money is just
money money's money um and if they have
to give someone else some of it then
they'd be better off negotiating with
you
directly that's just that's just how it
is uh Kelly says I used a travel agent
that may not have saved me any money but
they saved me a ton of time and that's
fair enough um my problem is not talking
about travel agents though I I I was I
was just talking about middle
middlemen my problem though is I have an
Ivonne who will always do a better job
than like the travel agent would do
anyway so it's really tough
um all right oh yeah right I wanted to
check out I wanted to check out the
store okay where's the where's the link
where the link
go oh coffeezilla store cill store yeah
I just typed it have you checked
anything out is it any good yeah the uh
thank you I'm suing shirt is pretty
cool what is this I'm suing okay
yeah I used to like coffeezilla until he
investigated me that's awesome I want
that
one it's going to I I think I might
actually buy that because uh hold
on here we
go coffeezilla boom investigated look at
this guy look at this mug he looks
guilty it's a it's a different guy that
guy has a beard yeah yeah I know right
did did he do us only once or did he do
us more than once did lus dye his hair
and shave his beard to escape
controversy oh did he did he only do us
the one time all
right okay I'm doing it 3 $38 okay all
right fine fine fine fine fine fine fine
fine fine uh oo there's a long
sleeve okay I think I might need this
one heck yeah let's go add to C actually
I I haven't even looked at everything
yet okay sorry I'm actually just
shopping right now if you guys want to
hang out and shop with me then that's
cool if you want Luke to do a topic
that's cool too no let's just shop just
don't check it on stream please yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah just relax buddy
he's going to check out on stream just
relax you would absolutely do it are
they all t-shirts he should have a
screwdriver we should do a coffeezilla
defense screwdriver you know what I just
want to shout out I want to shout out
coffeezilla for posing in his own
merch okay I hate that when a
YouTuber thinks a drop is cool enough
for you to spend money on it but doesn't
think it's cool enough to take 15
minutes out of their day and put the
merch on and be in the picture oh he's
gone A Step Above beyond that too this
is awesome look at the backgrounds and
they're like color matched it's sick
this is great yeah these are cool yeah
I'm I'm doing this one wait I already
have cat
shirt what cat one what are you talking
about yeah the thank you I'm suing shirt
is a cat
um yeah that's cool but I I like the one
that speaks directly to me I mean the
cat is pretty
cool yeah and it's like it's topical
because it talks about how like when
when Logan Paul thanked him at the
beginning and then uh kind of turned
around and is now trying to sue him and
all that kind of
stuff yeah no I like the one I
like I like the one that I can pretend
is him addressing me
directly to be clear I never never I
never stopped liking coffeezilla I think
I actually wasn't even aware of his
video until we were talking about
coffeezilla covering someone else on the
show and someone was like yo coffeezilla
covered you before or something like
that I
forget
yeah M laer says was going to say lonus
isn't in the photos for the chroma te on
the store but oh he's wearing it right
now let's go come at me come at me I
will use any product from LT
store.com and if it's good enough for me
it's good enough for you let's go yeah
give me a sec oh this guy this guy's
going away again he's probably getting
hacked probably getting like de conned
uh all right I guess I will have to
check out later but I'm going to have to
try to not forget to do this that's
going to be really really really really
hard okay what do we want to talk about
next Dan apparently you and I are on it
together hold on hold on hold on what L
Luke has the shirt he has what shirt he
has the RGB one sorry the uh I was
pointing out that I I I wore mine
yesterday oh nice
Perfect all right funding the
coffeezilla defense continue to shipping
blah blah blah all right what do you
want to talk about next
Luke why am I picking all the the topics
you always pick the topics there's a new
one that got added at the top I believe
ooh oh it's just ready now two
investigations by 404 media expose a
Facebook incentivizing AI slop spam and
B Invidia scraping Netflix YouTube and
AI training Jason cobbler spent months
researching where Facebook's grotesque
AI spam like shrimp Jesus comes from and
found an ecosystem of influencers making
courses on YouTube and telegram teaching
people how to use Facebook's creator
program bonus to make money churning out
AI engagement bait the influencers
primarily located in India the
Philippines and Vietnam train PE uh
train people to set up an a automated
systems generating prompts like poor
people thin body to feed into
Microsoft's free AI image generator and
then post hundreds of AI generated
images on Facebook per day accounts get
approved for monetization after a few
days of churning out AI posts one one
spammer made $431 from a picture of a
train made of
leaves for their part Facebook does have
automated spam detection but these AI
spam Artisans have complicated ways to
avoid it oh dude Facebook's Creator
program okay this article is crazy
because you basically the I forget what
it is you like make a you make a
WordPress site and then you like link it
to something else on the back end and
then it like posts on your behalf and
because you it it like turns into an ad
on Facebook but it's not an ad but it
like looks like a certain type of
content so when people click it they
think they're opening a gallery but
actually they're just going to a site
like like all the ways that it's
interconnected I'm I'm looking at this
going
like dude it's just Facebook like really
but apparently people are making serious
yeah serious money at this
yeah Facebook's Creator program page
says it incentivizes original content
which does technically describe newly
generated AI images Jason um or the the
author's takeaways are that obviously uh
don't fault the people who are making
money this way yeah I mean they're a lot
of them are coming from places where
they don't necessarily have a lot of
opportunities um now that doesn't mean
that I think it's
great however if you read the article
Luke I I read it before the show if you
read the article it's clear that this is
a systemic problem this is something
that Facebook is
clearly not motivated to fix and could
fix if they wanted to but because yes
but because everyone's making money from
this just engagement bait
Facebook is clearly looking the other
way and not closing these loopholes
that's where Jason's coming from where
don't blame the people that are using
this loophole it's it's kind of like uh
it's kind of like tax avoidance
basically saying look don't blame be
better don't blame the person who's
minimizing their tax you would do the
same thing blame the lawmakers who are
clearly enabling this behavior and doing
nothing to stop it
and except for the fact that it's
usually the case that the people
avoiding the tax are paying the
lawmakers to keep it there so you should
still blame them yes but I'm I'm trying
to explain where his point is coming
from and it's it's just not quite as
black and white as I think it came
across in the notes yeah that makes
sense uh American tech companies these
are these are the author's takeaways
again American tech companies yet again
launch things without understanding how
they will be used and our convos about
info Integrity plagiarism Etc
are very divorc from
reality okay in a separate investigation
404 media Samantha Cole obtained slack
messages and documents showing that to
train an AI video model Nvidia scraped
as much as 80 hours of video per day
from Netflix and super high quality
YouTube channels like mkb wait we talked
about this before the only difference is
that I think Nvidia has given a
statement now saying that their AI
training practices are in full
compliance with the letter and spirit of
copyright law
um so yeah sure that's definitely not
saying we didn't do that also get wck
lus you weren't named uh Nvidia compiled
a list of sorry I wasn't named in what
yeah they they well they said they
scraped 80 hours of video per day from
Netflix and super high quality YouTube
channels like MKBHD but not not LTT
yikes or IP uh Nvidia compiled a list of
at least 38.5 million video URLs to SC
scrape screenshots show a senior
employee discussing downloading the
whole Netflix uh when asked if they had
approval for scraping the same senior
employee called it an executive decision
saying that we have an umbrella approval
for all of the
data in a statement to 404 media Nvidia
said its AI training practices are in
full compliance like lonus just said um
when asked for comment a Google
representative linked 404 media to a
Bloomberg interview in which Youtube CEO
Neil Mohan said that AI open AI scraping
YouTube to train its Sora video
generator would be against YouTube's
terms of
service um so making that statement to
get rid of the heat that isn't them
saying that Nvidia wasn't given
permission that's
true which would be interesting
because back to what I was talking about
man must have been two hours ago on the
show or whenever it was um where I said
that in general YouTube had built up
credibility with me had built up trust
with me in the past but has lost it in a
big way um this is a perfect example of
one of the kinds of things that I would
have assumed YouTube would do the right
thing at some point but I would no
longer assume YouTube would do the right
thing about the obvious right thing for
them to do here if they are monetizing
my video as a member of the YouTube
Partner program would be to share that
Revenue but you look at some of the
moves that Google has made
more recently like when they opened up
monetization on videos on channels that
were not enabled for monetization yeah I
was looking at it going hey you guys
recognize that this creates a clear
conflict of interest right like you guys
are financially motivated to run ads at
a higher rate on channels that are not
enabled for YouTube Partner program
because you guys keep everything it's
not like you take that and share the
bucket that would have gone to the
Creator it's not like you distribute
that to other creators on the platform
to continue to build this ecosystem you
guys are just taking it whereas when you
run it out on my channel you have to you
have to share it with me and they're
like no that's not a problem I'm like
look I we're not doing anything wrong
I'm like I didn't say you were I didn't
say you were favoring it I said it's a
conflict of interest I said you guys are
financially incentivized to favor it and
basically that was the end of the
conversation um so this is another this
is another clear example if Google were
to monetize video that's being uploaded
to the in this way this is another
example of something that I would have
Once Upon a Time assumed that they would
share with their creator community and
nowadays I I don't believe that they
would
yeah
um I don't know this whole thing's going
to suck someone I think tweeted it or
something there was a uh Bing chat
response that they got to a question no
it's on Reddit I think a Bing chat
response that they got to a question
which cited the LT
Forum
nice thanks open on there yeah yeah
exactly sweet Mac OS Sequoia asks for
permission a lot Apple has been trying
to step up Security on the Mac in recent
years making it more Awkward to run apps
that require certain permissions or apps
from
non uh App Store store sources with seoa
apple will remove the ability to control
click to override gatekeeper when
opening unsigned or non-ed apps apps
that are granted access to features like
screen recording or location tracking
will also now require the user to
continue to allow the access on a weekly
basis as well as after every system
restart Apple has not commented publicly
but apparently has confirmed to multiple
developers that this is not a bug uh
some articles suggest that this could be
a Domestic Abuse Prevention measure
While others liken it to Windows vista's
UAC prompts calling it a subscription
you didn't buy but can't cancel our
discussion question is where do you draw
the line between keeping users safe
while staying out of the way of power
users that don't want you to Nanny
them um I don't have answers here yeah
the problem is that okay you know back
to the domestic abuse argument you know
if a spouse is you know screen sharing
or uh screen recording everything you do
should you should you find that out if
you're not techsavvy
uh I don't know the right answers here
but I do know that I would find those
prompts annoying and I would want to get
them to go away I think there's other
ways to deal with that like a a like
computer use awareness little like
notification
um it could be like I don't know I I
think that's not too difficult of a
thing to do you could like do a popup
once a week like did you know that
you're screen is like constantly being
recorded this is like not normal
activity for most users we're just
making sure that you're aware because
there could be like issues with this
something like that would be
fine easy things just get okayed yeah
but super annoying constant password
prompts result in terrible easy to crack
passwords like that that that's not a
solution either yeah G1 says this is
going to end up just like cookies you'll
click the button and not read it yep
yeah 100% exactly like it's
um that's why I'm saying like try to
bundle it into like a warning like non
non-standard usage warning of some
form after 33 years the longest running
us Gaming magazine is gone rip Game
Informer you did oh all right cool YH
all right let's do some merch messages
and then I kind of actually need to go
got them oh
okay hit me
Dan is Dan there Dan's not there
oh uh I guess I'll I'll read some merge
messages uh Tristan says am I the only
one who's really impressed by Zen 5
thoughts luk Linus Dan yes it's only a
marginal performance Improvement but at
30 to 40% less power and a lower MSRP
hey PBO exists Tech Community Tech
Community seems cold on them I mean I
think we made our position really clear
in our review we were quite positive on
Zen 5 we acknowledge that it's not for
everything and it's not for everyone um
I am super not stoked on the fact that
AMD didn't give it a higher power Target
out of the box and the fact that I have
to Avid my warranty in order to see the
generational uplift that is absolutely
there if it was unlocked from the
factory but it's also not the first time
that we've seen this kind of very
conservative power management from AMD
we've seen it before with their 5000
series and 7,000 series x3d chips so
maybe this amount of power is just
what's safe for ryzen 9000 and that's
just what we're going to have to live
with but overall I think a big part of
the tech community's frigidness is based
on the tech community's perspective of
is this a great upgrade for my processor
that's the latest and greatest today
that world is over you guys like that's
that's dead upgrading every generation
is just not a thing anymore so what
we're comparing against is if it's time
to buy a new computer right now how does
it compete in the market and the answer
is really well I figured out where that
notification sound is coming from it's
coming from my
watch sorry you guys kept telling me to
mute my notifications I was like oh I I
did I'm that's why it was so loud cuz it
was right next to the microphone yeah
I'm not used to uh I'm not used to
wearing a smartwatch anymore
I'm going to be honest with you guys I
do not actually know how to adjust the
volume on this I figured it out yay
being uh Tech influencer or whatever all
right cool sorry about that open a
ticket um all right Dan you want to hit
us with some merge messages yeah sure
I've got a bunch here let's see um do
contaminant monitoring products exist
for water Loops that could have alerted
you before yours failed I work with tech
that could easily be pivoted to that use
case if there's a market for it I'm sure
it does exist but certainly not at the
kind of cost that I would want to pay
for my janky stupid dump heat into my
pool uh water cooling Loop I've got some
I've got some plans for the longer term
but that's uh yeah super cool technology
and probably not applicable outside of
like real data centers and
supercomputers and stuff sorry Chad
seems to have missed what did I miss
when I was
away no you're fine okay cool uh Luke it
seems like you pump the brakes when
discussing web Technologies I would love
to see more segments related to your
expertise insights and
opinions how do I pump the
brakes I don't
know uh you you press down on them a few
times thanks lus you should probably
have them bled if they're spongy like
that
I yeah I don't think most the audience
really cares um I think I address it at
a level that gets the point across but
doesn't result in me talking about it
for freaking ever we're not like a web
developer Creator um I'm at Defcon right
now hanging out with a few of them but
that's not really what we do uh so
honestly if you want content on that
you're probably better off
just viewing someone else's uh but I
don't I don't mind like trying to answer
the questions that do come through that
also being said I'm not a developer
these days um I manage developers and
I'm in the space but
like yeah I don't know I do what I can
and I do what makes
sense hi first time merch messenger a
passion project I've had in mind build a
computer with the longest possible
lifespan around 300 years maybe how
would you go about this Hardware
software custom video
topic you wouldn't
um you might be able to find data
storage that would last that long I
think mdisk has a lifespan in the
neighborhood of hundreds or thousands of
years
um but every element of a modern
computer is going to significantly Decay
across that kind of period of time I'm
sorry hello Dan Luke and Tech Slim Shady
having both dyslexia and ADHD and had an
ex tell me it annoyed her any advice on
dealing with your ADHD and dyslexia in
your relationship and professional life
find someone who likes you for
you be apologetic own it be upfront um
don't use it as an
excuse um all three of those
yeah try to try to find ways to I mean
there are benefits to I mean not not to
dyslexia but there there are benefits to
things like ADHD you get that hyper
Focus going on and stuff like that um so
make yourself hyper useful when you can
and then when it's not working out great
then it's not working out great I don't
know and write down
everything yes to the best of your
ability Yep this is technically after
dark
right yeah yeah sorry about that no
that's all good I had to push the
buttons okay let's see just started
college this week at 37 wish me luck luk
and Linus if LTT hadn't taken off would
you guys have wanted to go back or
finish college what would you have
majored
in I would have needed to see someone
require the degree for something that I
really really really wanted to do there
was no way I was going to go back just
for
LS I feel like I still probably would
have done software
engineering but but
realistically if it if it was now I
wouldn't be going that route um not
because like I feel like people are
going to spin that not because like oh
AI are GNA take the jobs or anything
like that um just I've I've kind of
started doing other things now it's been
a long time since I made my decision to
go to university I respect the decision
I did make at the time but it's not the
same one that I would make now where I'm
at my life currently it is what it
is hello W people I just found out that
our tube Blazers run Windows 7 while on
the network with a port open for service
not to mention that we have confidential
part files
thoughts you and everyone
iol oh sorry needed you and everyone I
mean obsolete software is a reality in
the daily lives of so many technology
workers and administrators um
try to do
better good luck
everybody yeah I feel like we're headed
into kind of a Dark Age right because
for things like old nuclear reactors or
like
um you know old really old machine shops
or like like a lot of really a lot of
obsolete Windows 95 and Windows 98 stuff
is like it's bad or
whatever but it can it can be not on the
network so it's not that bad whereas
we're headed
into the Vista and Windows 7 running
Machines of the world
um being Obsolete and probably way more
connected and therefore potentially a
worse attack Vector uh I think we're
headed into a very dangerous period as
far as like outdated it
infrastructure and security
goes love the podcast gives me something
to listen to while I drive semi-trucks
when is the next noctua collab I don't
know um we're not going to force
anything right screwdriver was cool uh
we made some brown screwdrivers and that
was cool but I I don't think there's
anything on the docket right
now hi dll I'm a big fan of the adult
Lego sets like Pac-Man Nintendo and
Atari what Lego set would you buy
instantly should it come out greetings
from the Netherlands oh my goodness
um Lego's really expensive someone gave
plof I forget who this is uh but a
viewer I believe gave
plof um a a Lego set or like like a Lego
diarama of our
set like the build corner set and it is
so cool like the ideas they had they
they did everything from like the LED
strips at the bottom of the little cages
to the little arm that sits on that our
camera guys use to hold the camera like
it oh it is so cool I would buy it
that's awesome I would buy it I would
want one LTT Lego collab could buy the
whole building that'd be neat that'd be
so
cool let's see lonus what are your
thoughts on smpte 2110 the uncompressed
video over IP standard do you see any
advantage to be able to record directly
to a Nas
uh oh wait is this what we use for short
circuit cuz I don't think they record to
SD cards I don't think
so I don't know but if this allows you
to I've never I've never heard this term
before at least not that I remember but
if it allows you to record on a camera
and then just stream out of an ethernet
cable to a NZ or something like that
then I love it um and I think we being
uncompressed though being uncompressed
seems weird why would you even want it
to be okay there are reasons to want it
to be uncompressed but I could I
wouldn't see us doing that I don't see
why we'd want completely uncompressed
video uh that sounds super cool um but I
think I'd be okay with some compression
ndi is absolutely nowhere near
uncompressed uh sorry n exists in flo
plane chat yeah and there's there's
stuff other than ndi ndi is not the only
option for uh video delivery over over a
local
network yeah I think we found found some
stuff with Labs that was absolutely not
going to be good for it okay let's see
we hey lonus with all the Mr Beast
allegations going on I was wondering
Were you invited to the big YouTuber
video if so why did you not go um I I
don't think Jimmy's ever invited me to
be in a video um I don't know I it's
weird I feel
like even though I'm West Coast so I'm
I'm like a 2 and a half hour flight from
LA
um whether I just haven't made the right
social connections or people like other
creators know who we are like Luke
talked about this years ago where he
went to twitchcon for the first time and
like thought fans were going to approach
him and they totally had no idea who he
was but twitch creators would be like
being mobbed by people and they'd see
him and be like sorry excuse me I got to
go and like go to Luke people know who
cool but very surprising experience
but I I feel like they don't really
think of us as
like I don't know like I don't know it's
like I'm Tech dad or something like I'm
not I I don't think
I'm you're not super social when it
comes to
creators like you don't really go to
like you don't like going to
events I guess that's true sorry I know
Mr be East Coast guys I'm saying like a
lot of collabs happen in LA La is like
The Hot Spot um I wasn't specifically
talking about Jimmy there I just meant
like I don't really get asked to collab
on anything um like L lwi has has
collabed with us but I feel like uh he
really he was really the one who drove
that I I can't really take any any
credit for it um like he called me
recently he was he had people give him
advice on his
birthday I think I ended up giving a
tier advice know how I did it I was at a
badminton gym and they just had like
some books like like motivational books
and I just like read the titles off the
spines of like motivational books and he
was like that's pretty good that's
pretty good and then I like flipped my
camera over and I showed him that I was
just reading off of something it's
pretty good that's that's pretty
great I think I think part of it is a uh
weird people over a border in the corner
situation where people would have to I
mean America is so huge and there's so
many things to do a lot of Americans
don't even have passports I know create
American YouTube creators that don't
have passports like they're not going to
be coming up to Canada um
it's it's it's not convenient when you
can like drive down the street for 10
minutes and have as many other collabs
as you want um in in a few different
areas in the states like New York Texas
La um and on top of that you don't like
going to events um and I think when you
do you probably don't do a ton of the
socially things I don't think you go to
the parties things like
that so okay so basically not in the not
in the mind space and then difficult
because far and over a border and
everything else out of sight out of mind
Tech Dad yeah no I like the tech dad
angle okay let's see I got a couple more
for you here hi lldd I'm a young adult
with his first serious partner lion has
talked about a don't go to sleep angry
rule in the past where did it come from
I instead find that resting helps
solving conflicts it's not meant to be
literal what it means is don't leave
things
unresolved so like don't go to sleep
angry means it means don't walk away in
a huff it means don't um don't just
leave something and let it Fester it
means talk it out work through it work
together as opposed to just letting
things letting conflicts letting
disagreements pile up over time until
they
explode and last one I got for you here
hey dll question for lonus cross code
dev's new game Alabaster Dawn got
announced radical fish news looks really
neat any thoughts or hopes for the games
well I um didn't you're hearing it for
the first time yeah from the creators of
crosscode break nx's curse and guide
Humanity's rebirth in this top- down 2
and a2d action RPG from the creators of
cross code I can already see some
similarities oh yeah there's no way I
don't buy it but um yeah planed release
date to be
announced uh solve intriguing puzzles
explore a changing world
okay this looks very closely related
gameplay-wise to cross codes so uh
really it's you know it's I'm not
expecting to get a really different
gaming experience out of it but uh what
I am expecting I I really like the uh I
like the way they've changed the art
style a little bit to make it more clear
what level things are on it the the
world looks a little bit more 2 and a
half dimensional here which is going to
really help with solving I think in some
cases uh but for me it's going to come
down to the story um like that's I I
love the characters I love the story
that they created with crosscode so as
long as they have taken the time and
care to you know write a great story for
this then I'm I'm
stoked yeah if you're excited don't
forget to wish list it's very important
can't wait oh I'm not going to need to
remember that no no it's good for the
devs oh he's saying yeah yeah oh I see
well I'm not signed in here oh I am
signed in oh look at that okay sure fine
cool added to my wish list let's go very
good right good
lus I'm happy I'm happy you're signed in
on that laptop that's a good thing oh
what I'm account gets compromised I
cares Luke I've got new laptops for you
guys so we'll lock them down before we
distribute good you lock it down I'm
just going to like take it off the table
and pull my laptop out of my bag so
those are your options
we'll ban your your laptop off the
network You Can't Ban my laptop from the
network yeah we can no you can't yeah we
can I'm not and I won't be able to get
any work done well you can use a work
laptop that's locked down I'll just
bring one from home well B that one fine
I'll buy another
one what are you GNA do what are you
going to do what are you going to do
what are you going to do smart
guy Network to approved only that would
suck no Luke no no you don't want to do
that lus why are you doing this to
me what are you GNA do I'm
kidding how many hours did I have in
Cross code I'm going to
check hire like a lot of
people we've got the the infr Linus team
they just follow him around with like
tablets just to block firewall rules of
Macs and ports and
uh how do you uh how do you check that
uh you should be able to see on the
games page go yeah oh there it is whoa
okay some of this has got to be I left
it on overnight I apparently have 270
hours in Cross code there's no way oh
yeah cuz my son played played through as
well so it's probably like half of that
uh but anyway I definitely I definitely
have over 100 hours in Cross cat it's a
really good game okay I think that's it
for this week we'll see you again next
week same bad time same bad Channel okay
[Music]
bye man I got to be careful when ter